Letter 183

Wednesday, 1/4 past 2, 26 November [1851]
Greenville

My dear husband

		I am very busy making up the Carpet, & intended Willie should write to you today, but he had not returned from school yet, & I am afraid would not write in time for the Mail, so I am writing in a great hurry you may be sure.

		I was glad to see by the Southern Patriot last night that you had arrived safely, Rail road accidents occurring so frequently made me uneasy until I heard.  In your letters to me mention all the compliments paid you.  You are my hero, & I wish to hear a great deal about yourself.

		A letter came to you from old Mr. Reese last night.  He was at Anderson C.H. on his way to Georgia, leaving this State forever, & wrote you a kind gratifying letter.  I sent it to Mr. Elford to
Publish.  Mr. Elford sent word he would leave Monday morning.  

		I see in the paper a notice that Judge Wardlaw should be appointed President of the College.  If he is, I hope you will receive your reward by taking his place on the Bench.  I am waiting anxiously for you to be rewarded in some form or other.  You have saved the State [&] are entitled to the highest honors in the gift of the State.

		 Mrs. Collins came here Monday to know if her husband could rent your farm.  Says Mr. Canon & Mr. Luther McBee know them well.  She has a large family of children the eldest a daughter of 13 years old so only the Father would work on the Farm.  They have a child born without legs & only one arm, which would be a dreadful sight to look at when we went to the Farm.  She said she would raise chickens attend Cows & do anything in that way.  She was so anxious. I promised to write to you, & she was to come next week to hear your answer, so you must write me something in answer, but you had better not engage to anyone until you come back & consider well whether you will rent at all.

		We are all better of our colds.  Hext is now crying to be nursed so I will stop to attend to him & then go on with the Carpet.  

		I hope to hear from you tonight  & every night but you must write only when perfectly convenient.  Do not put aside business to write to me.  Willie Has bought himself a knife, so says you need not buy him any.  Believe me as Ever, E.F.P.

Benjamin Perry
[Columbia]

