Letter 17

Monday.  I will have time only to close my letter.  I am very busy.  Margaret is here finishing Susans dress.  She disappointed us last week.  Susan is sick with a bad headache, so I have to take her place & have not a moment to spare.  What has become of the Fee bill?   I hope you will alter it before you come home & satisfy the people.  Do not buy Will a cap, unless you see a reasonable suitable pretty one.  If you do not see one of this description, I will make him one.  Remember do not bring any unless it is pretty.

	I will write again to you by the next Mail.  Miss Harrisons wedding is put off until the 19th.  Mr. Hoke will be here Wednesday night.  Mr. Croft leaves Thursday morning.  He took tea there Susan & myself Friday night & spent a very pleasant evening.  Mrs. Smeddons family, Mrs. Marant, Miss McBee, Mr. McBee, Mrs. Carson, Mr. & Mrs. Beattie & Mr. Hamlin were there.

	You ought to send a Cheraw paper to your Father & mother & a great many to Greenville.  Do send one to Mrs. Dr. Butler?  I have a great mind to cut out the peice that relates to you & send it to her by Mamma.  When she returns her visit as she intends to do this week I wish her to see who it is she presumes to insult & whether such a man would be great afflicted at her[word obscured by tissue repair] to speak to him.  She really thought herself a great consequence.

	I must tell you of an incidence that has occurred that will surprise you.  One of the Shoults you put up in the pen to fatten & kill that we might eat, a few days ago had four pigs.  John did not discover it until two of the pigs were eaten up.  He then let out the Sou & the remaining pigs.  I am waiting to kill until you return.  The one hog we killed we have been living upon.  Together with some beef I bought, we have felt no want of meat.

	Do if you think of it inquire the price of plated cake baskets.  I do not wish any at present, but when you can afford it, the next thing I would wish you to buy for the house, I think would be that.  I would only wish to know the price.  In Charleston I have seen them for 10 dollars a peice, but in Columbia I would expect they would be much more expensive.  You must have spent a great deal in the things you have bought.  But I think they were all reasonable.  Yours truly, E.F.P.  I have written you in such a hurry I scarcely know what I have said.

Benjamin Perry
Columbia
