Letter 3

Friday morning, 29 November [1837]
Greenville

My dear husband

	I received your letter last Wednesday, and it gave me much pleasure.  A week has not elapsed yet since I have written to you, but as I think you would like to hear a little oftener than once a week, I will not write you a few lines.  I will try to write to you twice a week.  If that is not too often, perhaps you have not leisure to read my letters, if so, tell me.  You must only write to me when at leisure, and perfectly convenient.  I do not wish your letters to interfere with any business whatever.  If I do not hear from you I have too much vanity to think it proceeds from neglect.  

	I read your letter in the Mountaineer this morning, and I am glad I did, as it gives me an opportunity of expressing my opinion, and advising you with regard to some of the subjects that will come up before the Legislature for discussion.   For instance the Rail Road.  I hope the State will not give her security for the loan of a million of dollars.  She has involved herself already, and has better get out of the difficulty as fast as she can, instead of involving herself further.  The Rail Road was too great an undertaking ever to have been commenced by one State, and everyone has come to that conclusion, though afraid to express it.  Let the company go on as well as they can, with individual aid, and not impose upon the generosity of the State.  If they fail, it is well they should at once, without going any further.  I think my arguments have convinced you, If you were of the contrary opinion.  I will therefore proceed to the next subject.

	Retailing Spirits.  If you read those resolutions passed in Colleton with regard to temperance, you have my opinions.  I do not think the Legislature ought to act on the subject yet.  Wait until it has been longer before the people.  Try other means, before prohibiting the Retailing.  Next Session, (when you are again elected) will be time enough for the Legislature to consider the subject.

	Your bill to make Judges go out of office at sixty, is a very good one, if you expect to go in, when one comes out.  I think it will generally be approved, except by the Judges and their families.  If it affects those presiding at present, you will lose the vote of Judge Gantts family.  However as I suppose they are not of much influence in the district, I can get over that objection.

	Although you are from home, I wish you not only to be satisfied, but happy (as I am).  I would think you would find it very pleasant in Columbia, and after a time when the Conventions are over, it will not be so crowded.  If you mind being absent from me, the next time perhaps I may go with you.  Next year our expenses will be so much less than this, that we may have a little money to spare, and it will be quite a pleasant trip.  You must write a description of the Bride (Mrs. Cunningham).  I dare say she is pretty.  If I was Pamela I would have forgiven her for marrying my brother; gone to Columbia in their company, and passed a delightful Session.

	I received a letter from Susan last Mail.  She says Mamma has received your letter, and it has given her great satisfaction.  She says they are all much obliged to you for the trouble you have taken about the house, that now Uncle Robert is gone, they would rather be next you than anyone; that Uncle Arthur is enthusiastic about you (so I say, take care and behave well to him), and that Mamma considers herself favored to have such a Son in law.  They are pleased with the plan of the house; only wish it higher from the ground if possible.  

	Mrs. Mays came to see me the other day.  She says the baby looks like both of us.  She seemed though to think he looked most like you.  [word obscured] he has your smile.  She admired him greatly.  I like her very much.  The weather has been so bad I have not been out once since you left, and have seen no one, but Mrs. Mays & Sally Sloane, except Robert who has been here twice every day, after Breakfast and at Tea.  He goes tonight in the Stage.

	The Servants do quite well, even James attends to his business.  The Cow gives as much Milk as usual.  Victoria is well.  Minerva burned the Chimneys this morning.  It was raining at the time.  Willy is quite well, and has grown since you left.  He improves every day in beauty & interest.  He sleeps at night in my arms, and we have good nights.  I am not much disturbed.  I kissed him for you.  He was in my lap when I read your letter, and he seemed anxious to devour its contents.  He is a precious little darling.  I am afraid I am not thankful enough for him.  Delia is very fond of him, and makes him a goo[d] nurse.

	I must soon stop writing, as I have to writ[page torn] by Robert.  Excuse the bad writing.  I write[page torn]  hurry with a bad pen.  I pass my time q[page torn] ly; get up early, and do not go to bed until[page torn] am occupied all day, and find the days quite short.  Do send the Shoes and other things by the first opportunity.  The Shoes, Gaiter boots I mean will save my buying stockings.

	Hoping to hear soon from you, and that you are quite well and happy.  I remain your affectionate Wife, E.F. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Columbia
