Letter 211

Friday, 1/2 past 12, 26 November 1852
Greenville

My dear husband

 	I was disappointed not to hear from you this morning, but I know you had not time to write the evening of your arrival in Columbia.  I hope to hear from you tomorrow morning.

	This is a bad day again.  Charles says it will rain until the moon changes.  Willie says a man in N. Carolina (so Mr. Leary told him) has predicted another freshet before Christmas worse than the late one.  It seems as if this prediction may come to pass.

	I am glad to tell you the missing Heifer came up yesterday, little aware of its fate, & at this moment the rain having ceased awhile Charles, Reuben & Willie are all engaged dispatching it.  Our last Ham gave out at breakfast so we were absolutely in need of meat.  This now will last us a long time.  We will with the different Beeves we can kill, have a supply for a long time.  Nothing came from the Post office this morning.  

	As Willie will have holiday for some time, I have told him he ought to improve his time systematically, read something improving first, then something interesting & afterwards making himself useful in cutting wood, hauling it &c., so he has commenced Bancrofts History of the United States, & read a good way in it.  

	John wets himself going to the Spring. & takes off his Shoes constantly, so he has taken cold, & Minerva makes such a fuss about him.  Came over late last night & early this morning, that I sent for Dr. Crooks.  He said he only had bad cold, must take Castor oil & Toddy & that was all that was necessary.  So he is in the cellar today.  But when the weather is good, he will come out.  The shoes you gave him, have shrunk so he cannot get them on.  I gave him a pr of Franks, & when they go will have to buy him a pr.

	I sent for Mr. Chandler to look at the leak in the floor of the balcony.  He says he will put a peice of tin against the house where the floor of the balcony joins & that will stop the leaking.

	I know of nothing new to tell you.  I have not been out since you left, & seen no one but Mamma & Susan once, & Col. Town[e]s for a few moments.

	I am afraid Anna has not enjoyed herself yet. As the weather if it is as bad in Columbia as here must prevent her going out.

	Fanny would not go to school today on account of the rain.  Frank has just returned.  He says Mr. Hillhouse the boys say is to be married to a Lady in Union.  I believe I have nothing more to write about.  This is the fourth letter I have written & have not heard once yet.  I hope you are well, & getting along comfortably.  I have put by two Patriots.  There was not as much Editorial as usual.  I will now close with love for Anna.  Your affectionate Wife, E.F.P.

Benjamin Perry
[Columbia]

