Letter 255

Wednesday morning, quarter of 7, 4 May [1853]
Charleston

My dear husband

	It is an hour before breakfast, & as I have nothing to do, I will write to you.  Last night I took tea at Aunt Haynes.  Mr. Martin came there to see me, & to ask us to stay with them.  He entertains persons constantly & Aunt Mary says it is no inconvenience to him.  If you think I had better stay, I am willing to go there, as it will save the board I am paying at this house, but if you think I had better remain where I am, I will remain.  Except the expense of boarding I would rather be here, because I feel independent, but as they are so urgent & say it will give them no trouble, if you think best I will remove to their house.

	Tomorrow I am to dine at Aunt Elizas.  I like Aunt Haynes, Uncle Arthur, & Aunt Elizabeth, Aunt Brewton, & Aunt Mary McCall the best.  Of the relations I have seen, I like Eloisa Martin, but Aunt Eliza & her family I like least & Aunt Anna Turnbull & those at her house the next least.

	I have bought nothing yet.  Charleston is not to be compared in looks to Columbia.  The Convention sits today.  It is thought no Bishop will be elected.  Mr. Martin says he has in his pocket a letter from Dr. Atkinson acknowledging his abolition principles, that Mr. Trapier & the high church ministers here, have given him up.  

	It looks cloudy, we need rain, but I will be sorry if it does, as I wish to shop.  Tomorrow as I am to dine out, I may not have time to write.

	I will now stop.  Your affectionate wife, E.F.P.   

After the fact.
P.S. Since writing the above Aunt Anna Turnbull has sent to ask us to dine today with her.  We are going. But first I am to shop with Aunt Mary McCall.  Aunt Mary Haynes says any evening I have no engagement I must spend with them.  Mrs. Julia Pringle is here.  I have been in the drawing room talking to her, & Mrs. Martin, & Col. Irvine who stays at Fort Moultrie is here, but goes back to the island today.  His wife stays here altogether.  She knows Uncle Arthur & Aunt Elizabeth well.  Mrs. Pringle goes to Newport in June.  Mrs. Poinsett is in Charleston at the Miss Pinckneys. Her place was sold including furniture for 5000 500 dollars.  Mrs. Pringle says it was given away.  Mr. Pringle is not here.   

Benjamin Perry
[Columbia]

