
--- PAGE 1 ---
Legislative Proceedings, 1838.

Srxarz, Monday, May 28, 1838.
Agreeably.to a Proclaination of His Excellency, the Governor, the Senate met=.
the Hon. P. Noble, President, took the chair, and called the Senate to order.
" The President announced the death of Hon. T. Poole.
On motion of Mr. Bauskett,
'1,, Resolved, That in testimony of respect to the memory of the Hon. T. Poole, late
ipenstor from Spartanburg, the Senate wear the usual mourning for thirty days.
{A meseage was gent to the House, informing them that the Senate had formed a
huoram, and proceeded-to business.
1 On motion of Mr. Caughman, a committee was appointed to wait on the Governor,
‘ jend inform. him that the Senate has formed a quorum and proceeded to business,
and were ready fo receive communications from him. -
} _ Measrs. Caughman, Rhett and Smart were appointed the committee.
' Mr. Caughman, from the committee, reported that they had performed their duty,

ywnd that he would send in a communication immediately.

‘ p, Received the Governor's Message, which having been ead, on motion of Mr.

Patterson, :

‘T: Resolved, That it be referred, together witn accompanying documents, to a spe-

“Léal Joint Committee, and a message be sent to the House of Representatives, re-

,pfuesting.them to appoint a committee to meet the committee of the Senate on that

\ ject, and that it be printed with accompanying documents.
essrs. Patterson, Bauskett, Gregg, Henegan, Dunovant, Scott, Massey, Norris,
Higgins, were appuinted the committee.

| A mesadge was sent to the House acevrdingly.

‘t' Mr. Hemaulton submitted a Resolution, that this Legislature will consider no mee-

res of general legislation excepting suc as may be specially incidental with the

ject of the present call—laid on the table.

A message was received trom thé House, that they had formed a quorum and pro-

to business. . .

' | Mr. Bennett presented the petitions of certain ‘persons, for an Act of moor.

oration of the New Union. Insurance Company 3 of the Grand Lodge of South

 arolina, praying for the extension of the time allowed them for drawing a Lottery,

WY Also, a memorial of the City Counc] of Charleston praying enactments to secure

e said City from injuries by fire, and shewing the necessity of sc amending the

ct of 1809, which relates to the apportionment of Aldermen for the several Wards,

, ~8 to require. that such apportionment be inade every ten years, instead of seven

i\iears, as now required by law.

i Mr: Hamilton presented the Memorial of sundry citizene of Charleston, praying

“that the Tax be repealed on agencies of Foreign Insurance Companies, and that

her Insurance Companies be chartered.

‘ Ail referred to special Joint Committee, and ordered to be printed.

Mr. Bennett presented the petition of the Trustees of the First Universalist

hurch of Charleston, praying an amendment of their Cherter, and for other pur-
e—-referred to special Joint Committee. ;

Mr. Hamilton gave notice, that he would on to-mortow, ask leave to introduce a

‘“tsit to amend the Charter of the Charleston Insurance and Trust Company.

M\ Mr. Pinckney gave notice, that he would on to-morrow, ask leave to introduce a

ill to incorporate the Pendleton Manufacturing, Company. .

“On motion of Mr. Pattorson, ordered, that when the Senate adiourn, it do stand

journed to to-morrow 12 o'clock.

‘Adjourned.

oS i

Ly

w
ay


--- PAGE 2 ---
4

a House or Representatives, Monday, May 28, 1838.

In compliance wit 1 the call of His Excellency, the Governor, the House met at 12
o’clock this day, the Speaker in the chair, and a quorum present.

The clerk called the roii, and read the journal of proceedings on the last day of
the last session.

A message was received from the Senate, with the information that they bad
met, formed a quorum, and proceeded to business.

On motion of Mr. Davie, a similar message on the part of the House was returned
to the Senate.

On motion of Mr. J. Douglass, a committee was appointed to wait on his Excel,
lency, the Governor, and inform him that the House had assembled, and were ready
to receive any.communication from him.

Mesers. J. Douglass, Edwards and Adams, composed the committee.

On motion of Mr. Desaussure,

Resolved, That Mr. E. J. Arthur, a reporter for the Southern Patriot of Charles,
ton, be sllowed a seat upon the fluor of the House, and that the messenger assign

im a place.

A message from his Exeellency, the Governor, was received, and read by Mr.
Cheves hie private secretary. 5
_ & message was received from the Senate, informing the House that they had re-
ferred the Governor’s Message to 2 speci! committee, and requesting the House to
eppoint a similay committee to meet that of the Senate.

in motion or Mr. Davie, the suggestion was agreed to—the committee to consist
of fifteen members. The following named gentlemen were appointed, viz:

Messrs. Davie, Elmore, Memminger, Fotigru, 8. Fair, Rhett, H. H. Thomson,
McDowell; Harllee, Patterson, Jones, A. W. Thomson, Laborde, Broyles, Wither.
spoon.

Memorials were presented,

By Mr. Memminger, from the City Council of Charleston, praying enactments to
eevure the city from fire—referred to the special joint committee.

y Mr. Seymour, froin the City Council uf Charleston, praying au-amendment J,
of the Act of 1809, so that the Representation in the City Council may be apportion-
ed every ten years instead of seven—reterred to the judiciary committee. |

ir. Bowers, from sundry citizens of Barnwell and Edgefield, praying the es.
tablishment of a braneh of the Bank of the State at the Town of Aiken—referred f
to the committee of ways and menns.

By Mr. Yeadon, from the Grand Lodge ot Ancient Free Masons of South Caro-
lina, praying leave to raise a-sum of money by a lottery for the purpose of erecting *
& Masonic Hall—referred to the committee on incorporations.

Petitions were presentéd, .

By Mr. J. W. Toomer, from certain persons for the incorporation of the New
Union Insurance Company—referred to the comanttee on Incorporations.

By Mr. Petigru, from sundry citizens ot Charleston, for the repeal of laws against
foreign Insurance Companies—referred to the committee of Ways and Means.

By Mr. Seymour, from the first Universalist Church of Charleston; praying an
amendment of their charter, and for othey purposes—referred to the committee on
Ineorporations. _ :

Mr. Boyce, on leave, introduced a bill to amend the charter of the Charleston In-
surance and Trust Company, which was read a first time and ordered to be read:

gain to-morrow.

Ou motion of Mr. Elmore,

Resolved, That Robert G. Mills, Superintendent of Public Works, one of the Di-
rectors in the Louisville, Cincinnatti and Charleston Rai] Road Company, and a
Commissioner on the part of the State, representing her interests in said Company,
have leave of absence to attend the meeting of the Directors of said Company, in the
City of Lexington, Kentucky, on the fourth Monday in August next, and the meet-
ing of the Stockholders, on the third Monday in September following, at Ashville,
N. C.—Rexolution ordered to the Senate. . ‘

\

— ae ee

—

--- PAGE 3 ---
5

Qn motion of Mr. Adams,

Resolved, That this House will consider no matter foreign to the especial object
of the Seasion.

Mr. J. W. Toomer, from the committee of Incorporations, to which had been re-
ferred the memorial of the Ancient Frew Masons of South Carolina, reported a bill to
authorize the Grand Lodge of Ancient Free Masons of South Carolina, to raise a
sam by lottery foe erecting a Masonic Hail in Charleston; and op the question of
giving the bill a first reading. Mr. Davie enquired whether it did ngt conflict with
the resolution of Mr. Adama, just adopted by the House. Mr. Yexdon explained the -
object of the bill, und advocated its reading and passage. Mr. Adams nioved to lay
it on the table.’ Mr. Rhett spoke briefly in favor of considering the bill, it was then
by order of the House, read a first time and ordered toa second reading to-murrow.

Mr. J. W. Toomer, from the same committee, to which had been referred the
memoriai of certain persons praying the incorporation of the New Union Insur-
ance Company, reported a bill for that purpose, which on motion of Mr. Davie, was
laid on the table, while he moved a reconsideration of the reaolution submitted by
Mr. Adams, which motion prevailed, and the question recurred on the passage of
the rasolution, when efter a few remurks by Mr. Pettigru for, and by Mr. Rhett and |

Mr. Colcock agninat it, the resolution was withdrawn by Mr Adams.

A bill to incorporate the New Union Insurance Company, was read a first time
and ordered to a second reading to-morrow, and to be printed.

4 Mr. Symmes obtained leave and introduced 4 bill to incorporate the Penditton

' Manufacturing Company ; which received a first reading. and was ordered to be read

again to-morrow. ;

_ Me. DeBaussure presented the account of A. 8. Johnaon for publishing the Statutes
at Large ; referred to the committee on Claims

Mr. Petigru, from the Judiciary Committee, to which had been referred the memo-
rial of the City Council of Charleston. praying an amendment of the Act of 1809,
in relation to the apportionment of Aldermen, reported a bill to amend an Act direct-
ing the Representation in the City Council to be apportioned every seven years ; bill
reud once, ordered to a serotid reading to-morrow.

On motion of Mr. Myers, adjourned to 11 o’clock to-morrow.

Srnate, Tuesday, May 29, 1838.
The Senate met pursuant,to adjournment.

Received a message from the Governor, covering a note from Dr. Thomas Coop-
er, accompanying a copy of the 3rd vol. Statutes at Large—referred to judiciary
committee. ; j

Mr. Bennett presented the memorial of many of the proprietors of lots in the west
ward part of the City of Charleston, protesting »guinst the provisions of a late ordi-
nance.of the City Council of harleston, which prohibits the erection of buildings
of wood within the precinct—referred to epecial joiut committee. ;

Mr. Pattersun presented the petitiyn of sundry citizens of Barnwell and Edgefield
districts praying for the estublishment of a branch of the Bank of the State of South
Carolina m the Town of Aiken—referred to the committee on finance.

Mr. Gregg presented the account of A. 8. Jobnsun for publishing the Statutes at
Large—referred to the committee on claims.

Mr. Paiterson, from the special committee, submitted reports on the memorial of
sundry citizens of Churleston, praying that the tax be repealed on the agency of fo-
reiga ineurance companies, and that other insurance companies be rechartered; and
on the memorial of the City Council of Charieston, shewing the necessity of so.
amending the Act of 1809, which relates to the apportionment.of Aldermen for the
several wards, as to require that such apportionment be made every ten stead of
every seven years—laid on the table.

Mr. Patterson, from the special committee, asked and was discharged from the
farther consideration of the petition of tue Grand Ledge of South Carolina, praying
further extension of the time allowed them for drawing u lottery ; and the petition of
the trustees of the first Universalist Chyrch of Charleston, praying for an amend-
ment of: their charter and for other purposes, and they were laid on the table.

--- PAGE 4 ---
6

Vursuant to notice; the following bills were introuuced :

By Mr. Pinckuey, a bill to incorporate the Pendleton Manufacturing Company.

By Mr. Hamilton, a bill to amend the ebarter of the Charieston Insurance and
Trust Company.

Both read the first time and ordered tor a second reading to-morrow.

The special joint committee to which was referred the Governor’s Message and
the memorial of the City Council of Charleston, praying enretments to secure the
said City trom injuries by fire, reported a bill for rebuilding th: City of Charleston,
which received a ficat reading and was ordered for a second reading to-morrow.

The House sent for concurrence a resolution granting leave of absence to the Su-
perintendent of Public Works—coneurred in and ordered to be returned.

Adjourned to 12 o’elock to-morrow.

House or Representatives, Tuesday, May 29, 1838.

The House met at 11 o’cluck, A. M.

The Clerk read the Journsl of the day previous.

Mr. Seymour presented the memorial of certain residents and proprietors of lote
in the city of Charleston, lying to the westward of St. Philips, Archdale, Friend and
Logure streets, protesting agumsat the recent ordinance prohibiting the erection of
wooden buildings in any part of the corporate limita of the suid city.

Mr. Bowers offered the following resolutions, which were agreed to and ordered

}to the Senate for concurrence. :

Resolved, That an election ground be esblished at Pole Cat Pond, Barnwell dis-
trict, and that Drayton. Wade, A. McCain and Wm. Woodward be appointed
managers.

Resolved, That James G. Wilson, be appointed a Justice of the Quorum for
Barnwell district.

Mr. Toomer, from the committee on Incorpurations, to which had been referred
the petition of the First Universalist Church in Charleston, reported a bill to amend
the charter of the First Uuiversulist Church in Charleston, and for other pur-
poses—bill read first tune, .o he read again to-morrow.

“The Speaker called the attention of the House to a Message trom his Excellency
the Governor, transmitting the ‘hird voluau. of the Statutes at Large, and a commu.
nicatiun from Dr. Cooper—reierred to the Judiciary commiltee.

Mr Davie, from the cominittee of Ways und Means, reported a bill to make cer-
tain appropriations, which was read a first time, and ordered for a second reading
to-morrow. :

Mr. Garvin, on leave, introduced a bill to repeal the 32d sect on of an Act entitled
* An Act to estabhsh certain roads, bridges, and ferries,” parsed on the 20th Decem-
ber, 1837—the bill reccived a firat reading, and was ordered for a second to-morrow.

Mr. Symmes called up a bill to incorporate the Pendleton Manufacturing Compa-
ny, and tt was on motion, referred to the committee on Incorporations.

Mr. Davie, from the special joint committee on the Governor’s Message, reported
“a bill fur rebuilding the City of Charleston ;”—read the first time, ordered to a se-
cond reading tu-morrow and to be printed and made the special order of the day for
to-morrow ut Il o’clock, A. M.

Mr. J. W. Toomer, from the committee on Incurporations, to which had been re-
ferred 8 bill to incorporate the Pendleton Manufacturing Company, reported the same
without amendment.

On motion of Mr. Davie, the bill was lnid on the table, and ordered to be printed.

This bill was afterwards called up by Mr. Frost, and reeommitted to the commit.
tee ou Incurporatons. .

The House then proceeded to the orders of the day.

A Bill to amend the charter of the (harleston Insurance and Truat Company, was
referred to the Committee on Incorporations. °

A Bill to authorize the Grand Lodge of Ancient Free Masons tv raise a sum of
money by Lottery, for erecting a Masonic Hall in Charleston, reported by the Com.
mittee on Incorporations, wae reid a second time, clause by clause. Mr. Davie
_moved its postponement to the first dav of January next. Mr. Yeadon called for


--- PAGE 5 ---
7

the reading of the memorial, which Mr. Adsums objecting to, was ordered by the
House when a few remarks being made by Mr. Petigru, the mution for postponing
wae carried in the affirmative. .
A. Bilito incorporate the New Union Insurance Company, reported by the com-
mittee on Incorporations, was takén up for a second reading. r. J. W. Toomer
‘explained the objects and advocated the pusgage of the bill, Mr. H. H. Thompson
‘Moved to «trikeout the first clause—motion negatived. Some progress was made in
the readin» of the bill and various amendments were proposed, which grve rise to A
discussion between Messrs. J. W.Toomer, H. H. Thompson, Caldwell, Davie, A. W.
"Thompson, Desauasure, Memminger, Boyce and Frost, when the bul was on motion
otion of Mr. Adams postponed to the fuurth Monday in November next.

A Bill to amend the Act directing the representation in the City Council to be
pportioned every seven years, was read 4 second time and ordered to the Senate
or concurrence.

The Senate returned with their concurrence a resolution granting leave of ab-
ence from the Stute to R. G. Mills, Superintendent of Public Works.

Mr. Coleock offered the following resolution ;

Resolved, That the Legislature will adjourn ite present session on Friday next,

Considered, agreed to end ordered to the Seunte for concurrence.

Adjourned to 11 o’clock to-morrow.

Senate, Wednesday, May 30, 1836.

The Senate met pursuant to adjournment, and proceeded to business.

Mr. DeTreville from the Comniittre on Claims, submitted a report on the account:
ef A. 8. Johnston, for publishing the 3rd volume of the Statutes ut Large—laid
on the table. °

Resolutions were recrived from the House, concurred in and returned : .

For adjournment on Friday next; appointing a Justice of the Quorum for
Barnwell; and establishing an election ground in Barnwell district.

A Bill to amend the Act directing the representation in the City Council to be ap-

rtioned every seven years, was read the first time, and ordered for a second read-
ing to morrow.

Mr. Patterson, from the special committee, asked and was discharged from the
further consideration of the memorial of many proprietors of lots in the Western
part of the city of Charleston, and of the petition of certain persons praying the in.
corporation of the New Union Insurance Company, and they were laid on the table.

bill to amend the Charter of the Charleston [nsurance and Trust Company
was read a second time, and sent to the House.

A bill for rebuilding the city of Charlestou, wae taken up for a second reading
and laid on the table.

1A bill from the House, entitled “a bill for rebuilding the city of Chatleston,”
was read a first time, and the 12th, 13th and {4th aectione, ordered to be printed.

Received a message from his Excellency the Gvvernor,-on the Florida Claims,
which being read, was referred to a Special Committee of Messrs. DeTreville,
Mims and Gourdin ; and a message sent to the House, proposing that they appoint
a similar Committee to meet that of the Senate on the subject.: -

The Senate took a recess tili 6 o’clock. :

Evenine Szseron, Wednesday May 30, 1888.
A bill to make certain appropriations, which had received two readings in the
House, was taken up, read a first time, and ordered to be read again to-morrow.
Adjourned to 10 o'clock to-morrow. oS

Hovse or Repre«entatives, Wednesday, May 30, 1838.

The House met p-irauant to adjournment and the Clerk read’ the journal of the

previous day.

__ Mr. Powe offered the following resolution, which after a few remarks by bim was
adopteg¢ by the Houre:

.

--- PAGE 6 ---
8

Resolved, ‘thatthe members of this House have learnea with regret the death
of John Middleton, Esq. late a member of this House, and as a mark of respect for
his memory will wear crape on the left arm far the usual period.

Mr. Davie asked leave, on the part of the committee of ways and means, to be dis-

charged from the farther consideration of the memorial of citizens of Barnwell
and Edgefield, praying the establishment of a branch of the Bank of the State of
South arolina in the town of Aiken—leave granted and the memorial jaid on the
table.
’ Mr. Davie submitted the following preamble and resolution, and moved that they
be laid on the table, printed, and made the special order of the dey for to-morrow at
12o’clock. The motion having been briefly advoceted by Mr. Davie and opposed
by Mr. A. W. Thompson, was agreed to: ; ;

Whereas, we have lately mixed with our constituents, and believe that they are
decidediy in favor of the Sub-Treasury system, and approve of the resolutions passed
last seasion of the Legislature ; which resolutions declare it expedient to separate
the federal revenues from banks and banking, operations, and dangerous and un-
constitutional to incorporate a National Bank.

Resolved, That we earnestly request our Senators and Representatives in Con-
gress, to vote for the bill to establish the Independent Treasury, with the specie
provision.

Mr. Gavin cailed up a bill to repeal the 32d section of the road law, passed at last
session, and it was referred to the committée on roads, bridges and ferries.

Mr. J. W. Toomer, from the committee on incorporations, submitted reports on
the bills to incorporate the Pendleton Manufacturing { ompany, ind the bill to smend
the charter of the Charleston Insurance and Trust Company—considered, agreed
to, and the bills laid on the table. °
’ The special order of the day, the bill for re-building the City of Ciarleston, was
taken up, read a second time clause by clause and amended in various particulars ;
after a ‘discussion, which was participated in by Messrs. Davie, Harllee, Rhett, Ar-
nold, A. W. Thompson, Petigru, Elmore;Adame, J.D Allen and Memminger, on
the question of ordering the bill to be sent to the Senate, Mr. Jones called for the
-yeas and nays, which were ordered by the House, and were as follows:

Yeas—D. L. Wardlaw, Speaker, Adams, J. M..Allen, J. D. Allen, Alston, Belin,
‘Bowers, Boyce, Broyles, Buchanan, Buford, Bull, Carr, Coachman, Colcock, Davie,
Desaursure, D. Douglass, J. Douglass, Edmondston, Edwards, Ellis, Elmore, Er.
vin, Fripp, Frost, Gavin, Gibbon, Gibson, Gillan, Goodwyn, Harllee, Henderson,
Huger, Hug ina, Huiet, Jamison, Jenkins, Ker, Laborde, Levy, Long, McDowell,
MLauchlin *Pherson, Maxwell, Merominger, Aiille, J. Moore, M: A. Moore, My.
ers, J. Palmer, S.J. Palmer, Patterson, B. Perry, Petigru, Philips, Porcher, Rainey,
Rhett, Ripley, Seymour, Strobhart, Spann, Symines, A. W. Thomson, Tompkins,
J. Toomer, } W. Toomer, Tyler, Watson, stley, Woods, Yeadon—74.

Naye—Arnold, Arthur, Barry, Barton, Berry, Boozer, Brockman, Caldwell,
Crawford, Crockett, Evins, J. Fair, 8. Fair, Garvin, Glenn, Hoy, Irby, Jeter, Jones,
Kern,. Moffett, Murray, Neel, Powe, Reed. Richardson, H. H. Thomeon, Wither-
spoon, Young—30.

The Speaker presented to the House a message from his Excellency the Govern.
or, in relation to certain claims of the Florida Volunteers—referred, on motion of
Mr. Elmore, to the special committee on Florida claims: also; ‘a communication
from. the Superintendent of Public Worke, which was on Mr. Philips’ motiow re.
ferred to the committee on Internal Improvements.

‘Resolutions were returned by the Senate with their coucurrence, fixing the day
of adjournment, and appointing a justice of thé quorum and managers of elections
for Barnwell.

A bill from the Senate to amend the charter of the Charleston Insurance and
Trust Company, which had been there twice read, received its first reading in the
House, and on motion of Mr. Boyce was ordered for a second reading to-morrow.

Mr. Myers offered the following resolution. ;

Resolved, That Mr. James E. Rrote, be appointed a Manager of Elestions at Mon.
ticello, in Fairfield district, in place of D. E. Fenly, who has removed from the div. .
triet~agteed to, and ordered to the Senate for concurrence. —

--- PAGE 7 ---
9

Mr. Boyoe preveuted Q memorial from a meeting of the citizens of-Charlesion,
praying that the City Couacif of Charleston may be permitted to inatitute-a system
of mutual [nsurance in the said city; and in connexion with the subject, the fol-
lowing resolution, which was agreed to, and the memorial laid on the table.

Resolved, ‘Thas as the subject matter of the said memorial involves the considera. |
tion of the general subject of Insurance, and the policy which should herenfter be

-purstied in relation to that subject, it isimportant that the subject should be brought
utly before the Represcntatives of the people: It is ordered, that the memorial from
& meeting of the citizens of Clinrleston, be printed for the use of the members, and
that the consideration thereof and final action upon it, be laid over until the next
regular meeting of the Legislnture.
n motion of Mr. Philips, ordered, that when the House adjourn, it will meet at
12 o’clock to-morrow.

On motion of Mr. Adams, ;

Resolved, Thnt Minervaville shall be discontinéd as a vlace of election for Rich.
Jand district.

On motion of Mr. Powe,

Resolved, That Hugh Craig, be appointed.a Justice of the Quorum, and Danie!
Cainpbell, a Justice ot the Peace, for Chesterfield District.

On motion of Mr. Spann,

Resolved, ‘That Samuel Cooper, be appointed a manages of elestions at Swimming
Pens, Clnremont county, in place of Minor McCoy, removed.

On motion of Mr. M. A. Moore, . .

Resolved, That John Gibbs, of Union district, be appointed a Justice of the no-
rum, ii place of Hiram Gibbs, removed. ;

Resolutions ordered to the Senate for concurrence. ‘

Mr. Davie called up # bill to make certain appropriations, which was read e se-
cond time, and ordered to the Senate.

Mr. Rhett, from the committee on claims, made @ report on the account of A.
8. Johnston, for printing the Statutes at Large—agreed to.

On motion of Mr. Boyce, a reconsideration of the report of the committes on in-
corporations, on a bill to amend the charter of the Charleston Insurance Compeny
was ordered, and the House having been addressed by Messrs. Boyce, Toomer, El-
more and Petigru, the report was agreed to, and the bill laid on the table.

A message was received fron the Senate stating that the Governor’s message in
relation to Florida claims, had been referred to a special committee, and proposiag
that a committee of the House do confer with that of the Senate on the matter—
éoneurred in, and ordered that the special committee to which the subject has al-
ready been referred, do meet that of the Senate. ,

Adjourned.

‘

Sxnare, Thursday, May 31, 1898
The Senate met pursuant to adjournment.

Mr, Higgins from the Committee on Finance, reported a Bill to make certain np.
Propriations with amendinents, which were agreed to, and the Bid amended accor.
dingly—read a second time, and returued to the House. . ,

Mr. Glover gave notice, that on the third reading of the Bill, he would offer cer-
tain amendments.

Mr. Glover presented the accounts of B. Hart, 8. Weir and W. Cunningham--
referred to the Committee on Accounts.

On motion of Mr. Bryant. .

Resolved, That John 1. Poyas, be appointed a Justice of the Quorum for the
parish of St: Thomas and St. Dennie-—ordered to the House.

The House sont far concurrence.

, Resolutions to appoint a Justice of the Quorum .for Union district: a Justice of
the Quovum, and a Justice of the Peace for Chesterfield: a manager of elections
for Claremont, and to diecoutinue a place of election for Richland, and appointing
tnanagers of elections for Fairfield—concorred in and ordered to be returged, -

A Bill for rebuilding the citv of Charleston, was taken up for a serond reading.

--- PAGE 8 ---
10

My, Bryant move to strike out part of the 8th clause—the yeas and nays were or-
‘dered on this motion, and were——

Yeas—Mesers. Bryan, DeTreville, Henegan and Scott.—4. ‘

Nays—Hon. P. Noble, President, Messrs. R. F. W. Alston, T. P. Alston, Bausk-
étt, Beatty, Bennett, Cannon, Caughman, Chesnut, Dubose, Dugan, Dunovant, El-
terbee, Evans, Frampton, Gregg, Glover, Hamilton, Higgins, Jenkins, Luwton,
Lewis, Littlejohn, Massey, Mims, Norris, Patterson. Peay, Pinckney, Rhett,
Sheridan, Stone, Smart, White and Wilson.—35.

So the same was not stricken out. .

On the question of returning the Bill to the House, the yeas and nays were order-
od, and were—

Yxas—Hon. P. Noble, President, Mesers. R. F. W, Allston, T. P. Allston, Bausketr,
Beatty, Bennett, Bryan, Cannon, DeTreville, Dunovant, Evans, Frampton, Gregg,
Gourdiu, Hamilton, Henegan, Jenkins, Lawton, Lewis, Littlejohn, Massey, Mima,
Patterson, Peny, Pinckney, Rhett, Scott, Sheridan, Smart, White, and Wilson.—31.

Nays-~-Mesars. Coughman, Chesnut, Dubose, Dugan, Ellerbee, Glover, Higgins,
Norris, Stone. —9.

So the Bill was read a second time, and returned to the House.

A Bill to amend the Act directing the representation in the City Council to be ap-
portioned every seven years, was read a second time, xnd ordered to be returned to
the House,

fir. Beatty asked and obtained leave of absence after to-day, for Mr. Littlejohn.

Senate had a recess till 6 o’clock

Everixa Sxssion, Thursday, May 31, 1838.

Mr. Glover from the Committee on Accounts, submitted reports on accounts of
S, Weir and Wm. Cunningham—ordered for consideration to-morrow.

‘I'he House sent for concurrence.

Resolutions to separnte the revenue of the United States from the Banks,—made
the special order for & o’clock.

_ Resolutions to separate the revenue of the United States from the Banks, offered
in the Seunte, were laid on the table.

The special order was taken up.

On adopting the first Resolution, the yeas and nays were taken, and wero-—

Yras—Hon. P. Noble, President, Mesers R. F. W. Allston, T. P. Allston, Bauek-
ett, Beatty, Bennett, Bryan, Cannon, Caughmnn, Chesnut, DeTreville, Dubose, Dan-
dvant, Evans, Frampton, Gregg, Glover, Gourdin, Henegan, Higgins, Jenkins, Law-
ton, Lewis, Littlejohn, Massey, Mims, Norris, Patterson, Peay, Pinckney, Rhett,
Scots, Sheridan, Stone, Smart, White and Wilson—37.

Naya—Mesars, Dugan, and Ellerbee.—2.

So the first resolution was concurred in. .

Mr. Hamilton moved to postpone the further consideration of the other’ Resolu-
tions to the 1st of Jnnuery next; on this motion the yeas and nays were ordered,
and were as follows :

Yeas—Measrs. Dugan, Ellerbee, Hamilton.---3.

» Naya---Hon. P. Noble, President, Messrs. R. F. W. Alliston, Bauskett,Beatty, Ben-
nett, Bryan, Cannon, Caughman, Chesnut, DeTreville, Dubose, Danovant, Evans,
Frampton, Gregg, Glover, Gourdin, Henegan, Higgins, Jenkins, Lawton, Lewis,
Littlgoln, Massey, Mims, Norris, Patterson, Peay, Pinckney, Rhett, Seott, Sheri-
dan, Stone, Smart, White, Wilson.—36.

So the Resolutions were not postponed. .

Mr. Bauskett moved to strike out the latter part of the second Resolution, and
called for the yeas and nays, which were ordered, and taken xs follows:

Y nas—Messrs. Bauskett, Bennett, Dugan, Ellerbee, Gregg, Lewis, Peny.—7.

Naxys—Hon. Patrick Noble, President, Messrs. R. F. W. Allston, Beatty Bryan,
Caunon, Caughman, Chesnut, DeTreville, Dubose, Dunovant, Evans, Frampton,
Glover, Gourdin, Henegan, Higgins, Jenkins, Lawton, Littlejohn, Massey, Mims,
Norris, Patterson, Pinckney, Rhett, Scott, Sheridan, Stone, Smart, White, Wileon.

31.

The Resolutions were then adopted.

--- PAGE 9 ---
ll

Me. Dugan presented a protest signed by himself and Mr. Hamilton. Ordered
to be entered on the Journals of the Senate.
May 31, 1838.

The undersigned dissent from the vote of the Senute on the prearoble and resolu-
tions respecting the Sub-Treasury bill, and those members in Congress, who lave
vefased to Vote for the same: .

Because, Ist.—The only reesons assigned for that resolution are the supposed
anxiety of the people of the State for the specess of that measure, and their appro-
bation of the resolutions of last winter, whereas in fact, it is belieyed, that the favor
which those resolutions have found, proceed much more trom the indifference of the
people. than from any interest which tlcy feel in the subject.

2nd. Because the commendatory observations contained in the said resolutions,
though substituted for, maybe very casily conatrued to have the force of instruo-
tions. But the practice of instructing members of Congress, whether Senators or
Representatives, has never been sanctioned by the public opinion of South Caroli-
na, nor ndopted by her Legislature ;—and the doctrine itself, if not altogether falla.
cious, as by the better opinion it is held to he, is confossedly exposed to so man
and such strong objections, that nothing short of an evident necessity could juny
the members of the Senate in resorting to aa expedient as much at variance with
the uniform course which this State has hitherto pursued.

" 3rd. Because the end proposed by the said resolutions can be no other than to
compel some of the South Carolina delegation to vote for the Sub-Treasury, in op.
Position to their own deliberate judgment of the inexpediency, impropriety nnd dan-
er of that measure. But inasmuch, as a very great majority of the people of the
nited States, have expressed their condemnation of the Sub-Treasury policy, the
real tendency and effect of those resolutions are to fasten upon the country a new
and questionable measure, against the sense of # great majority of the people of the
United States, by the voles of representatives voting against their own convictions.
_ For these rexsons, and because al] gitempts to overawe and control thet freedom
of mind with which a representative should execute his trust, according to the best
of his judgment and ability, are unconstitutional, and dangerous in ‘the highest de.
gree lo tho stability of republican governments. we, members of the Senate, whose
nameg ere hereunto annexed, record our dissent. and protest against these proceed
ings being drawn into a precedent. THOMAS DUGAN,.
‘ JAMES HAMILTON.
Mr. Bennett obtained leave of absence for Mr. Hamilton.
Adjourned to 9 o'clock to-morrow.

House or Rerresentatives, Thursday, May 31, 1836.

The House met pursuant to adjournment and the Clerk read the Journal of the
previous day.

‘Mr. Ervin asked and obtained leave to withdraw the petition of J. Truett, pray-
ing payment for a horse lost while carrying @ prisoner from the jail of one district
td that of another, with the accompanying documents.

Mr. Boyce presented the petition of sundry citizens of Charleston opposed to the
‘memorial of other citizens of Charleston, and to the bill for a system of Mutual In.
surance in said city—lnid on the table and ordered to be printed. °

The Speaker presented the account of Wm. Cunningham, for Stationary tur-
nished to the house—referred to the committee of Claims.

The Senate returned with their concurrence a report of the committee on Claims,
on the account of A. 8. Jolnston.

On motion of Mr. Davie, the House proceeded to the special order of the day, and
took up the preamble and resolution on the Independent Treasury ond National
Bank. Mr. Davie and Mr. Rhett offered amendments to the preamble and resolution,
which-were adopted ; Mr. Peugru moved to lay them on the table; a Jong and ani-
mated debate ensued, Mesers. Adams, Potigru, A. W. Thorson, J. W. ‘Poorer aud
Myers, spcaking in favor of, and Mr. Davie, and Mr. H. H. Thomaon against the
motion. Mr. Davie then withdrew the preamble and resolution and offered the fol.
lowing resolutions asa substitute.

--- PAGE 10 ---
I2

1. Resolved, 'I'hat in the opinion of this Legislature, the Resdlations adopied a
the last segsion, recommending the separation of the Government frum the Buyks,
and he eventual collection and disbursement of the public mouey of the United
States, in the constitutional currency, have received the approbation of the people
of this State.

24 Resolved, That in the opinion of this Legislature, the policy indicated by thone
resolutions, is essential to the best interests of the country; and thatany public ser.
vant who refuses to promote the same, pursues a course injurious to the welfare
and prosperity of the State.

3. Resolved, 'lhat the presiding officers of this Legislature, be requested to trang.
mit copies of these rosolutions to the Senators and Representatives of this State
ut -the Congress of the United States. .

Mr. Adams moved to strike out the above resolutions, and insert the following.

Whereas the Legislature has recently expreseed ite opinions r-epeeting the propos.
‘ed. Sub-Treasury policy, and the constitutionality and expediency of # National
- Bank, wheroin it was distinctly affirmed that no interference was’ designed with a

differonce of opinion on the part of any member of Congress from South Carolina
and whereas this sossion has been cailed for specific purpose of internal policy,

Resolved, therefore, That it is inexpedient at this time to re-affirm our opinions
on these subjects. .

The debate was continued by Messrs. Davie, Rhott, Memminger, in favor of the
Resolutions of Mr. Davie, and Mr. Adame and Mr. Petigru against them.

Mr. Yeadon moved to strike out of the 2d resolutions, all after the word * coun-
try ;” this motion was opposed by Mr. Rhett, and supported by Mr. Yeadon and
Mr. Harlleo, the yeas aud nays being called for, were ordcred and were as follows :

Yxas—Messrs. Adams, Arnold, DeSaussure, Edmonston, Gavin, Goodwyn, Harl,
lee, Irby, Jones, Kern, M’Lauchlin, Mills, Myérs, Petigru, Phillips, Porcher, Strob.
hart, A. W. Thomsen, J. Toomer, J. W. Toomer, Yeadon--21.

Nays--D. L. Wardlaw, Speaker, Messrs. J. M. Allen, J. D. Allen, Alston, Ar-
thur, Barry, Barton, Bolin, Berry, Boozer, Bowers, Boyce, Brockman, Broyles,
Buchanan, Buford, Bull, Caldwell, Carr, Coachman, Colcock, Crawford, Crockett,’
Davio, D. Douglass, John Douglass, Edwards, Ellis, Elmore, Ervin, Evina, James
Fair, Frost, Garvin, Gibson, Gillam, Glenn, Henderson, Hoy, Huggins, Huiet, Jami-,
gon, Jenkins, Jeter, Laborde, Levy, Long, McDowel], McPherson, Maxwell, Mem-
iminger, Moffett, Janies Moore, M. A. Moore, Murray, Neel, John Palmer, Sam’].
J. Palner, Patterson, Bonjamin Perry, Rainey, Reed, Rhett, Richardson, Seymour,
Spann, Symmes, H. H.
Witherspoon, Wovde.—75.

So the motion to strike out was not adopted. .

Mr. Irby moved that the resolutions be laid on the table and printed: and having
addressed the Houso in favor of that motion it was negatived; lie then moved to

postpone the further consideration of the subject to the fourth Monday in Novem.
ber next and called for the yeas and nays which were ordered and were ;

Yxas—Messre. Adams, Arnold, Edmonston, Goodwyn, Irby, Jones, Kern, Mills,

. Myora. Petigru, Phillips, Porcher, Strobhart, A. W. Thomson, J. Toomer, J. W.

Toomer, Yeadon, Young.—18. .

Navye—D. L. Wardlaw, Spoaker, Messrs. John M. Allen, J. D. Allen, Alston, Ar-
thur, Barry, Barton, Belin, Berry, Boozer, Bowers, Boyce, Brockman, Broyles, Bu-
ehanan, Buford, Bull, Caldwell, Carr, Conchman, Colcock, Crawford, Crockett,
Davie, DeSangsure, D. Douglass, Join Douglass, Edwards, Ellis, Elmore, Ervin,
Evans, James Fair, Frost, Garvin, Gibbon, Gibson, Gillam, Glenn, Harllee, Hender-
son, Hoy, Haggins, Huict, Jamison, Jenkins, Jeter, Laborde, Levy, Long, McDow-
ell, McLauchliv, McPherson, Maxwell, Memminger, Moffett, J. Moore, M. A.
Moore, Murray, Necl, Johu Paliwnor, Sam’l. J. Palmer, Patterson, Benjamin Perry,’
RNuainey. Reed, Rhett, Richardson, Seymour, Spann, Symmes, H i. Thomson,
‘You pking, Tyler, Watson, Whatley, Wilson, Witherspoon, Woods.—79. a

Consequently they were not postponed.

Mr. Harllce offered the following asa substitute for the second resojution.

* Resolved, That in view of snid Rosolutions, we highly upprove of tho Bill now

twfore Congress, togetublish an Independent Trersury, with the specie clanse. and.

Thomson, Tompkins, Tyler, Watson, Whatley, Wilson, _

--- PAGE 11 ---
13

consider its success essential tothe best interests of thie State; not agreed to; Mr.
Jones and Mr. Harllee having spoken briefly, the Question came up on striking-out
the resolutions submitted by Mr. Davie, in order to insert those of Mr. Adame, and
was taken by yeas and nays as follows, |

« Yxeas—Messrs. Adams, Arnold, Edmonsivs; Gavin, Gibbon, Gondwyn, Harllee,
Huggins, Irby, Jones, Kern, Mille, Petign, Phitipe, Porcher, Strobhart, A. W.
Thomson, J. Toomer, J, W., Toomes, Yeadon, Young---2!.

Naya—D. L. Wardlaw, Spoaker, Messrs. Johu M. Allen, J. D. Allen, AJeton, Ar-
thur, Barry, ‘Barton, Beliu, Berry,-Booser, Bowers, Buyce, Brockman, Broyles,
Bachanan, Buford, Bull, Caidwell, Carr, Couchman, Coleock, Crawford, Crockett,
Davie, DeSaussure, D. Douglass, J. Douglass, Edwards, Elie, Elmore, Ervin,
Exins, James Fair, Frost, Garvin, Gibson, Gillam, Glenn, Henderson, Hoy, Huiet,
Jamison, Jenkins, Jeter, Laborde, Levy, Long, McDowell, McLauchiin, McPherson,
Maxwell, siemminger, Moffett, James Maore, M. A. Moore, Murray, Neel, John
Palmer, S8am’l. J. Paliner, Patterson, Beajninin Perry, Rainey, Reed, Rhett, Rich-
ardson, Sey.: our, Spann, Symmes, H. H. Thomson, Tompkins, Tyler, Watson,
Whatley, Wilson, Witherepoon, Wocds.—76,

After a few remarks from Messrs.Frost, Phillips and Harllee, the resolutions were
severully adopted and ordered to the Sénate.

Leave of absence after to-night, was asked and obtained.

By Mr..H. H. Thompson for Mr. Crawford and Mr. Gleon ;

By Mr. Toomer, for Mr. Alston ; ,

By Mr M. A. Moore, for Mr. A. W Thomason.

Mr. Petigru presented the following protest, signed by himeelf and others, digsent-
ing from the resolutions of Mr. Davie which had just been passed, and asked that it
be entered on the journals of the House, whiclf was ordered, after some discussion
between Mossrs. Petigru, Elmore, Rhett, Frost, Davie and Coicock. —

; Mar 31, 1888.

The undersigned dissent from the vote of the House on the preamble and resolu.
tions respecting the Sub-Treasury bill, and those members in Congress who have
refused to vote for the same : ;

Because, 1st.—The only reasons assigned for that resolution are the supposed
noxiety of the people of this Stare, for the success of that nieasure, and their appro.
bation of the resolutions of last winter, whereas in-fact, it ia believed, that the favor
which those resolutions hav: found, proceeds much more from the indifference
of the people than from any interest which they feel in the subject.

2nd Because the condemnatory/ observations contained in the said resolutions,
though substituted for, may be very eesily construed to have the force of instruc.
tions. But the practice of instructing members of Congress, whether Senators or
Representatives, has never been sanctioned by the public opinion of South Carolina,
nor adopted by her Legislature; and the doctrine self, if not altogether fallacious,
as by the better opinion it is held to be, is confeasedly exposed to so many and snch
atrong objections that nothing ‘short of an evident necessity could justify the mem-
bers of this House in resorting to an expedient so much at variance with the uniform
course which this State has hitherto pursued.

8rd. Because the end proposed by the said resolution can be no other than to com.
pel some of the South Carolina delegation to vote for the Sub-Treasury, in opposi-
tion to theit own deliberate judgment of the inexpedieney, impropriety and danger
of that measure. But inasmach as a very great majority of the people of the
United States'have expressed their condemnation of the Sub-Treasgury policy, the
real tendency ‘andeffect of those resolutions are to fasten upon the country a
new and questiouable measure, against the sense of a great majority of the people
of'the Ynited States, by the votes of representabves voting against their own con:
vietions. ;

For these reasons ang because all attempts to overawe and control that freedom
of mind with which a representative should exeowte hi: trust, aceording to the best
of his judgment and ab: lity, are uncqnatitutional and dangerous in the highest degree
to the stubility of republican governments, we. members of the Honse uf Repreven.

--- PAGE 12 ---
14

tatives, whose patie are hereunto annexed, record our dissent, and protest aguinat
these proceedings being drawn into a precedent. J. L. PETIGRU,
. JOSHUA W. TOOMER,
RICHARD YEADON, Jr.
J. H. ADAMS,
CHS. EDMONDSTON,
A B. ARNOLD,.
OTIS MILLS.
The House took a recess til 8 o’clock.

Evening Session, Thursday, May 31, 1838,

On motion of Mr; Belin, the following resolution wae ugteed to and ordered to the
Senate for concurrence :

Resolved, That Solomon Cohen and R. M. Gonrdin be appointed justices of the.
quorum for the parieh of Prince George Winyaw.

Mr. Frost subuiitted » report from the committee on [nternal Improvements, re-
comendihg an appropriation to clean out the lower part of the Coluntbia Canal—
agreed to and ordered to the Sena:e. .

Mr. Rhett, from the committee on claims made-a report on the account.of Wm.
Cunninghem—agreed to and ordered to the Senate.

A Bill to amend the charter of thefirat Universalist Church in the City of Charles.
ton, and a bill to amend the charter of the Charleston Insurance and Truet Company
—were laf on the table.

A resolution from the Senate appointing J. L. Poyns a justice of the qnorum for
the parish of St. Thomas and St. Dennis, was agreed to and ordered to be returned.

Resolutions were returned by the Senate with their concurrence, appointing a jus-
tice of the quorum for Union, managers of election for Fairfield and Claremont, a jus-
tice of the quorum, and a justice of the peace for Chesterfield, and discontinuing «
place of election in Richlaud district. ;

The following bills which bad been returned by the Senate, having received two
readings in each House, were read u third time, passed, their titles changed to Acts,
andordered to be returned to the Senate.

A Bill for re-building the City of Charleston : (sundry amendments which had
been made to this bill by the Senate were agreed to.)

A Bill to amend the act directiiig the representation in the City Council of Charles.
ton to be apportioned every seven years ; ;

A Bill to make certain appropriations.

Pursuant’to notice, Mr. Davie offered certain amendments to the last named bill
which was adopted by the House. .

The following resolutions were offered, agreed to, and ordered to the Senute :

By Mr. J. Douglass,

_Resolved, Thet Adam Stewart'and Lemuel Jackson be a pointed managers of
élections at Rich Hill, Chester district, in place of H. J. Culpand James Ray, removed.

By Mr. M. A. Moore, ;

Resolved, That Thomas A Carlile be appointed 2 justice of the quorum for Union
district, in place of Thomas Davis, removed.

By Mr. Porcher,

Resolved, That John G. Paimer, be appointed a manager of electious at Pye’s
Meeting House, und the Rocks Club House in St. John’s Berkley parish, in place of
Elias Coturicr, removed.

By Mr. Belin,

Resolved, That Joseph Allston, be appointed a justice of the quorum, and \, J.
V. Montgomery, a justice of the peace, for the parish of All Saints.

By Mr. Symmes, an ;

Resolved, That Francis Burt, be appointed a justice of the quorum Tor Anderson
district, in room of Jacob Warley, resigned.

By Mr. McLauchlin, .

Resolved, That the Acts, Resolutions and Journals of the present Session, be

rinted in pamphlet form for immediate distribution ; that tle Ordinance of the City
Bopnell of Charleston, referred to: in the Act for- re-building “said City, be printed

--- PAGE 13 ---
‘15

with snid;Act: snd that the printer of the Aots be directed forthwitt to execate ‘the
foregoing work. *

Mr. Frost submitteda report of the Committee on Internal Improvements on a com-
munication from, the Superintendant of Public Works—coneidered, agreed to, and
ordered to be sent to the Senate. .

On motion of Mr. Myers, adjourned to 9 o’clock to-morrow.

Snare, Friday, June 1, 1838,

The Senate met pursuant to adjournment.

A bl for re-building the City of Charleston.

A bill to amend the Act directing the represenjation in the City Council to be ap-
portioned every seven years. . :

A billto make certain appropriations—were severally read a third time and sent
to the House. oe

6 committee of Accvunts reported on the accounts of Benj. Hart, W.. Cunning;
hani, ‘and, 8. Weir—ordered to the House. :

The House returned with their concurrence. .

A resolution appointing 8 Justice of the Quorum for St. Thomas and St. Dennis.
‘the House sent for concurrence. . "

Resolutions allowing Commissioners appointed to represent the State in the Lou-
isville, Cincinnati and Charleston Rail Road Company, to appoint proxies .._

Appointing Justices of the Quorum for Prince George Winyaw, All Sainte,
Union and. Anderson, a Justice of the. Peace for Ail Sainte’ and Managers of
Elections for Chester, and St. John’s Berkley.

Directing.the printing of the Acta.

Reports of the committee on Internal Improvements recommending an appropria-
tion to clear out the lower part of the Columbia Canal, and on the communication
of the Superintendant of Public Works, respecting the neglect of the late Superin-
tendant to deliver contracts. .

A réport of the special joint committee, on Florida Claims.

A report of the committee of Claims on the account of Wm. Canningham.

Resolved, ‘That the Senate do concur, and that the reports and resolutions be re-
turned. . .

The report of the special joint committee on Florida Claims, on part of the Senate,
was laid on the table. .

Mr. Higgins from the committee on tinance, asked, and was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of sundry citizens of Barnwell and Edgefield,
praying the establishment of a Branch of the Bank of the State of Bouth Caroling
at Aiken—ordered that 300 copies of the petition be printed. 7

The. committee on Engrossed Acts, reported that the following Acts had been en.

ossed.

An Actfor rebuilding the City of Charleston. oo,

An Act to amend the Act directing the representation in the City Council to be
apportioned every seven years.

An Act to make certain approprjations.

Agreeabl to messages interchanged, the House of Representatives attended in
the Senate Chamber, when the abpve Acts were duly ratified. a
After the members ofthe House bad retired, the President announced the Acts
as duly ratified. ; ; oe

Agreenbly to messages interchanged, the Senate adojurned sine die.

Hovsr or Reragssentarives, Friday June 1, 1838.
The House met pursuant to adjournment and the elerk read the Journal of the
previous day. _
On motion of Mr. Phillips, ;
Resolved; That thfs House, in testimony of respect to the memory of their de-
erasdd members, William Cross, Eeq. late & representative from tle Parishes of Bt:

--- PAGE 14 ---
16

Philips and St. Michacls, and Charles L. Stokes, Esq. late a representative from the
Parish of St. Bartholomews, will wear the ueval mourning for thirty days

On motion of Mr. Elmore,

Resolved, That His Exceliency the Goverpor und the other Commissioners ap-
pointed by the Stute to represent her interest in the Louisville, Cincinnati and
Charleston Rail Road Company, be each authorized to appoint a proxy when he can-
not attend the meetings of ssid Coinpany in person.

On motion of Mr. Memminger, Mr. DeSaussure was added to the committee on
the Legislative Library.

Mr. Petigru, from the Judiciary committee, submitted a report on the Govern.
or’s Message, nocompanying the 3d Volume of the Statutes at Large—ag: to.

The Senate sent reports of their committee on accounts of W. Cunningham and
8. Weir concurred in ahd ordered to be yeturned :

messages proposing certain amendments to the a riation bill, whic
after discussion bewween Mesors. Davie, A. W. Thompson, Adame, Menostmaee?
and Edmondston, were agreed to and messages of concurrence returned.

Mr. Elmore, from the special joint committee on Florida Claims, - reported the
following resolution, which waa agreed to, and ordered to the Senate, after some
éxplanations by Mr. Elmore.

esolved, That the Commission on the Florida Claims, appointed at the nat ses-
sion be authorized and required to decide the same on equiatble principles.

The following-Acts which had received three readings in each House, were re-
turned by the Senate, and referred to the Engrossing committee to be engrossed.

An Act for re-building the City of Charieston.

An Act toamend the Act directing the representation in the City Council to be ap-
portioned every seven years.

And, an Act to make certain appropriations. ;

‘The Senate returned with their concurrence the following resolutions.

On the settlement of the Florida Claims.

Authorising Commissioners of Rail Road to nppoint proxies:

Appointing justices of the Quorum for Union, Prince George Winyaw, All Saints

i Knderson, a Justice of the Pence for All Saints, and Managers of Elections nt
Rich Hill, Chester district, and St. John’s Berkley.

Directing the printing of the Acts, Resolutions, and Journals of this session.

Also, the reports of the committee on Internal Improvements, of the House, re.
pommending the opening of the lower part of the Columbia Canal, and on the commu-
jication of the Superintendant of Public Works, and the report of the committee on
Claims, of the House, on the account of Wm. Cunningham.

A message was received from the Senate, that they were ready to ratify the Acts

passed at this session. . ;
Mr. Young, from the Engrossing committee, reported the following Acts as

engrossed.

Ka Act for rebuilding the City of Charleston. .

An Act to amend the Kee directing the representation in the City Council to be ap-
portioned every seven years. . . .

An Act to make certain appropriations. ; . :

“The Speaker and members of the House havin -attended in the Senate Chamber
and ratified the above named Acts, returned to their Hall. .

Senate sent a message informing thie House that they had transacted their busi-
ness and were ready to adjouru. -

A similar message was returned to the Senate.

On motion of Mr. Memminger, the House adjourned «ine die.
