Letter 42
12 July 1846
Washington

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines this morning before breakfast.  I am not in such a rack of pain as I was when I wrote you last.  But the weather is the hot[t]est I have ever felt.  Last night I went to the Presidents alone.  Burt was to have gone with me.  I first rode to Mr. Calhouns where I spent a few minutes very pleasantly with him.  I had sometensions in going to the White House alone for fear I would not be recognized.  There was a great crowd assembled.  I pushed my way through to the President & then to Mrs. Polk who said in her kind manner how do you do Mr. Perry. I entered into conversation with her.  She expressed great astonishment that I never had been to Washington before--said she could hardly believe it.  We spoke of South Carolina, the mountains, Tennessee, the French Broad down which she had once travelled, the Hudson &c.

	I met Col. Benton at the Presidents & had a long talk with him about Oregon & his speech.  I complimented it very highly & he seemed pleased.  I understand he is very greedy of praise & flattery & does not hesitate to talk of himself.  The President was nearby & heard my compliments which he did not seem to relish as it was rather a censure on him as he differed so widely from Col. Benton.  I noticed he turned off & sat down.  I was introduced to Col. Benton in the Senate chamber yesterday by Mr. [William Lowndes] Yancey.  He told mew that Benton would speak of his daughters who were educated by himself, in very high terms.  He said Sir my daughters are well educated.  They are capable of conversing with ease, with the crowned heads of Europe!  Mrs. Freemont it is said possesses all of her fathers talents & I should suppose so from what I saw of her.

	Mr. Yancey has resigned his seat in Congress, is going to move to Montgomery & practice law in copartnership with Elmore of that place.  He says Isaac Hayne was doing well & his wife made him herethat he will go into copartnership with Perroneau & Mazyck is going to withdraw.  There was no other cause for his leaving Alabama.

	I dined with Simpson the other day.  He lives by himselfonly one other member of Congress with him.  He has been very kind to me.  And General Thompson I feel under a thousand obligations to.  I have become acquainted with Governor[Arthur Pendleton] Bagby of Alabama.  I was also introduced to Yulee & [James Diament] Westcot[t] last night at the Presidents.  She is very pretty.

	Yesterday I heard a debate in the Senate between Calhoun, Webster, [John Adams] Dix of New York, [John] Davis of Massachusetts, [William Segar] Archer of Virginia.  I also heard Benton speak on Another subject.  I liked Calhouns style of speaking more than that of any other.  I felt proud of him.  He sent me his report the other day on the Memphis Convention and yesterday he came to me in the Senate chamber and asked me if I had read it and I had barely looked over it.  He asked me what I thought of it & begged me to write something in the Mountaineer about the subject in order to call the attention of our friends to it.  This placed me in a most delicate situation for I differ with him in some respects.  I told him I would think of it.

	If I do not stop my letter will not be at the post office by eight oclock when the mail closes.  I hope to hear from you on MondayTuesday.  I will go north.  Mr. Yancey speaks of going with me.  Kiss the children a dozen times for memy dear Lizyour husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville