Letter 420
24 October 1857
Harvard College

Dear Anna

	I received your letter this morning, after I returned from one of my exercise walks to Boston.  Your letter reminded me of Judge ONealls.  I also received a letter from Ma and it made two letters in one day which was a crowd for me to get at one time.  Ma doesnt write as often as she did.  I also got a letter from Frank the other day, who seems to be still flourishing.  You must write some very homesick letters home, from Mas account.  You ought to be getting used to the place, and to being away from home by this time.  It must be getting so many letters from home that makes you homesick.  I dont think you have any harder time than I have.  I will have to walk through the snow this winter to Church and to recitation every day; and I expect this place will be a great deal colder than where you are.  So just compare your condition with mine, and you will begin to think that you are far better situated than I am.  You must be better off than Frank, for he says he has to be his own tailor, chambermaid, and boot-black.  Did you get a Catalogue that I sent you; I dont think you have mentioned receiving it.

	I will start for home on or about the 20th of January.  Our vacation lasts six weeks, but it takes up so much time going and returning, that I wont have so much time at home.  I will stop and see you and Frank also.  Pa says that I may stop in Washington, as the Congress will be in Session, and I will have a chance to see all the big men.  Frank says he became acquainted with the big men when he went to Washington.  But I suppose he couldnt enjoy the acquaintance as he must have been worried about his examination.

	Why didnt you send Miss Anna Trezevants letter.  I would have given the world to read it, and of course wouldnt think her forward.  Is she coming back to school again.  I have written to Bill Beattie to find out if she is any relation to him.  I hope she is.

	Today is Saturday.  I will finish this letter tomorrow (*Sunday).  Sunday morningIt is nearly church time and I have nothing more to write.  Your affectionate brother, Willie

Write soon

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.

25 October 1857
Greenville

My dear Daughter

	I have staid at home today, instead of going to church to write you & Willie & Frank.

	I returned from Pickens Court Friday & rece[ive]d your letter which gave me great pleasure & satisfaction.  I shall be very busy this week as court opens here in the morning.  I had a fine business at Pickens & made a good deal of money which I stand much in need of at present to pay for my House &c.  I have also had to advance seven hundred dollars to your grandmother to help pay for her furniture &c.

	You must not fret at everything which happens.  You know I sent you to Burlington to learn obedience & patience as well as your studies in school.  Take everything quietly & patiently & do not complain of anything.  We cannot have everything as we wish it in this life.  And it is best to make a virtue of necessity & take everything calmly.

       If I do not have it in my power to go for you in April, it will suit very well for you to return with some of the Southern girls & I may meet you on the road.

       Your school will commence shortly & then you will be better satisfied & have regular employment.  Idleness or want of regular employment is a horrible life.  We were all made to be actively engaged in this world & no one is happy unless he is actively in pursuit of some object.

       We are all well except colds.  Arthur is quite well again except a cold.  The poor little fellow was very low when we returned & had we staid a week longer he would have died.  Hayne is fat & hardy.  Hext went with me to Pickens court & behaved well.  He went with his uncle F home & staid two nights.  He wished to go with William to the Tugaloo farm & stay there.  His uncle gave him a knife which he is proud of as Frank is of his watch.  Fannie is going to school & occasionally rides your Ponyevening.  I wish you could have him to ride through the streets of Burlington.  Your mother is well & much gratified at the success of her children at school.  The servants are well except Clara may had a cold & was laid up a day or two.  Clara is still in her room with a cold.  The Horses are all doing well & looking fat & sleek.  Your Pony would no doubt be glad for you to take him out of the stable & ride him.  He finds it doubtless dull standing in his stall all day.

       Poor Mrs. Prince, daughter of Jordan Pool died very suddenly of cold & her husband & family are in great distress & anguish of heart at her early loss.  A good many students are sick.  You must take care & not catch cold.  Never mind the musquitoesthey only deplete you a little by their biting.  You will soon get used to them & their music.

       I hope your cough is betteravoid coughing if you can.  If your teeth need plugging have it done.  Good teeth is a very desirable matter with a young lady & you must take care of yours.

       Franks letters are more hopeful in tone & spirit than yours & Willies.  he is a fellow who always looks on the bright side of the picture & sees its beauties.  This is a great strength in life.  Two persons may have the same fortune in life in every respect & one be happy 7 the other miserable by looking at different sides of the picture of their lives.  one looking at his good fortune & the other seeing nothing but his troubles.  Life is a mixture of good & evil.  We had better dwell on the good & forget the evil as soon as possible.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry
You must request them to ask for the Patriot & Mountaineer direct to you.  It will be better than a letter every week.

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.