Letter 219
19 February 1853
Washington

My dear Liz

	I was going to write you last night, but Col. Orr came to see us, and insisted on our going with him to the Presidents Soiree.  There were about two thousand persons in the White House & about it.  I never before saw such a crowd of human beings pressed together.  There was no moving or passing about in the greatRoom.  The crowd were about two hours in passing by the President.  When Col. Orr pronounced my name, the President enquired if I was the Editor of the Southern Patriot, & on being informed that I was, he clapsed my hand & expressed the deepest joy in meeting me.  But the crowd behind pressed me on & we had no commotion.  I shall go up to see him today or Monday.  He is a fine looking man. His wife is a very large lady & not very good looking.  I saw General Scott & was introduced to him again.  The ladies were all ugly.  I do not think I ever before saw so many ugly women
assembled at any place.  They were all well dressed of course.

	General Hamilton is here & we had a political chat this morning.  He said we had been most terribly abased in South Carolina, but things were now quiet.  Col. Campbell of Alabama expressed great pleasure in meeting me.  I went in the capital yesterday & wrote a long account of my visit for the Patriot which you will see.

	 Last night just as I was starting to the Presidents I was introduced to Mr. Ingersoll of Connecticut a young member of Congress.  I enquired of him if he was from New Haven & he said he was.  I then mentioned that I had frequently heard Mrs. Perry & her mother Mrs. McCall speak of Mr. & Mrs. Ingersoll of New Haven.  He said they were his parents & expressed great interest in you & your mother-- enquired which one of the daughters I had married, & said he remembered all of youthat your youngest sister was buried in his fathers ground.  He is a very handsome fellow & his name is Collin [Colin M.] Ingersoll.  He enquired if I was the editor of the union Paper in South Carolina--said he was glad to meet me &c.  I saw him again at the Levy with a young lady.  He is single & said to be courting Missof Alabama.

	General Hamilton mentioned to me this morning that Dr. Arthur Hayne was expected here & was an applicant for office in Charleston superintendent ofor something of that character.

	We now have a terrible snow storm & it will be almost impossible to get out today.  I saw Mrs. Schoolcraft or Miss Howard last night at the Presidents, but I avoided speaking to her & Col. Orr did the same.

	The trial of Gardiner has not yet commenced.  The counsel seem confident of his acquittal.  I have not yet seen him.  General Thompson & myself are to go to the office of his lawyers soon.  It may be that the trial may not come on.  Two of Gardiners witnesses are not here yet.

	General Thompson went last night to see the spiritual& is a believer.  He was put in connection with General Glasscock & tells marvellous communications made.  He ought to have called up the spirit of his departed wife & held a communication with her.  General Hamilton did so with his two dead sons.  I am going to see them today,

	I am enjoying myself very much here but very anxious to hear from you.  I hope to hear this evening.  I am writing for the Patriot so much that I shall not be able to write you every day.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville