Letter 158
10 May 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am invited to dine with Col. W.C. Preston today at 4 oclock & unless I write you now I shall; not be able to do so by this mail.  I always like to wait till the mail comes in before I write so that I may answer your letter.  In this way I was disappointed in writing to you by the last mail.

	Yesterday evening  at five oclock, a committee of the Board of Trustees consisting of DeSaussure, Petigru, Adams, Witherspoon & myself met at Mr. DeSaussures & spent a very pleasant evening in drinking wine, cracking nuts, eating fruits and conversing.  Today the same committee dine with the President of the College.

	This morning at nine oclock, the Bad had a meeting on the death of Judge Richardson & Chancellor Caldwell.  Mr. Pettigru was called to the chair.  Col. Dunkins offered the resolutions about Judge Richardson, & I made a speech which you will see in the Columbia papers.  Col. McCord & DeSaussure prepared speeches & Resolutions for Chancellor Caldwell.  Mr. Petigru presented both sets of Resolutions to the court of Errors & Judge Evans & Chancellor Johnstone replied.

	I shall lose my Will case for Gilreath.  Mr. Petigru heard a portion of my argument & said he thought I had made an impression on the court.  But the Judges refused to hear argument on the other side.  They are all prejudiced against breaking Miles.

	I shall tomorrow argue Dr. Andersons case before Chancellor Dargan, hear opinions on Monday & probably start home Tuesday morning.

	I saw General Martin yesterday.  He brought up with him the bonnet but has not yet sent it to me.  He said they were all well in town.

	I have bought asack coat at $7.00, pantaloons $5.00, vest 75 cts, straw hat $2.00, boots $7.00, six pair of socks $1.50, gloves $1.00two silk handkerchiefs $2.25, two shirts $4.25.  This is very moderate in the way of clothes.  But I think is a good supply till fall, where I will purchase a suit of cloth.

	I have bought some books as usual.  This you know is my weak point.  I have firmness to withstand all other temptationsall but the temptation of books.  But my purchases do not amount to any great deal.  I thought I would save in the way of clothes enough.   To purchase the books--first & Louis 14th, The Queens of Spain, Women in France, The House of Orleans, Georgian Era, Cosmos, UtopiaThe Mexican War by a company of Mexican officers.  I have not been able to purchase the apple for Anne.  Some of my books will be for Anna & Willie.

	In regard to the election of Judges I have very little information.  It is altogether doubtful who will be candidates.  A great many lawyers have spoken of, but all are uncertain.

	In regard to the college everything is going on very well.  I will write you a longer letter on Sunday & Monday.

	I must now conclude by requesting you to remember me to the children & believe me yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville