Letter 620
21 August 1861
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I had the pleasure of traveling to Belton this morning with Governor Pickens, Mrs. Pickens & his daughters.  And although I had a good deal of chat with the with the Governor & ate breakfast at Belton with him it did notto be introduced to his wife.  I think her very pretty & she seemed pleasant & affectionate towards her husband, reclining on his breast & sleeping in his arms in the car.

	At Belton I fell in company with Judge Whitner & his lady going on to Virginia to see their sick son Major Whitner of Sloans Regiment.  They made the ride here quite pleasant.  Mrs. Whitner is a very fine lady plain & affectionate.  We were acquainted in our younger days & waited on Dr. Robinson when he was married.  She is now very much distressed at the sickness of her son.  We spoke of the dreadful consequences of the war.  She said she did not believe, when she was for secession that we would have war.  I told her I knew it & gave her a long talk.

	Poor Joab Mauldins corpse is now here.  His mother went on to see him [page torn] his corpse although both were in Richmond last Sunday night.  She went on to Manassas it is supposed & [brought] the corpse to this place the next morning.  Thos Crayton is here in search of her.  Mrs. Whitner remarked that Mrs. Mauldin was one of the best women she ever knew & her fate in this life had been a very hard one.

	I heard nothing of Augustus Hoke & Dr. Crook.  Fifteen Volunteers got in the cars at Williamston for Manassasfour at Greenville.

	I have been asleep this evening & have seen no one.  It is now raining at six oclock.  We stay here till eight in the morning.  I have Ed Stokes boy &under my charge &.  I have not been able to see Miss Hampton or Mrs. LeConte or hear of them.

	My friend Janney complains of the rudeness of the Volunteers.  All along the road today they were gathered in crowds to ss a troop of Cavalry pass down from Abbeville to camp near this place.

	I have no news to write you.  Jennings Goodlett &c. are here on their way back to Manassas.  The papers state it was a mistake about General Evans capturing the 1700 yankees.

	I hope to have something of more interest to write you from Petersburg Thursday evening.  Take care of yourself, children & household.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville