Letter 443
2 December 1857
Columbia

Report of the Committee on Bursary

	The Committee to whom was referred the letter of Professor Williams & the Memorial of the Students of the College on the subject of the Bursary have considered the same and beg leave to

Report

In the opinion of a majority of the Committee it would be impoliti  at this time, to break up the Commons, as suggested by the Memorial of the Students.  In order to satisfy themselves as to the fare in the Stewards Hall, the undersigned members of the Committee, without giving notice of their intention, went to the Commons last Saturday & dined there with the students.  They found the Hall, the tables & everything appertaining to them neat & cleanly.  The food was good & well cooked consisting of boiled mutton, roast beef, good bread & butter, sweet potatoes & rice, pickles &c.  The rice was better cooked, & the mutton sweeter & better prepared than any your Committee have tasted in the Hotels of Columbia.

	There was not the same variety on the table which one will meet at the Hotels but the food was better prepared.  In order to give a greater variety the Committee recommended that the board be increased to three dollars per week.  Everything is higher now, than it was some years since, when the rates were reduced to two dollars & fifty cents per week.

	In a conversation which the undersigned members of the Committee had with Colonel Gladden the Bursar, they were assured that he never purchased any meats in the market except the best.  He may have been occasionally mistaken in his selections.

	Your Committee have no idea that the proposed increase in the rates of boarding will enable the Bursar to give entire satisfaction.  And perhaps ten dollars per week would not.  Your Committee are apprehensive that the Students have a prejudice against the system of boarding in Commons and that they entertain a hope of breaking it up by their continued opposition to it.  Whether this hope is encouraged, by the approval of the Professors, & any action of the Board of Trustees, there never will be anything but discontent on the part of the Students with the Commons.

	A majority of the Committee think it would not be in good faith to Colonel Gladden to break up the Commons without giving him due notice of the same.  If permitted to board in town, it is greatly to be feared that the Students would be under less restraint & more liable to go astray.  As to any improvement or deportment in their manners or deportment by boarding at private houses or hotels. Your Committee would state, that they never saw young gentlemen act with more propriety at any table whilst taking their meals.

	All of which is necessarily submitted.

								B.F. Perry
								J.I. Middleton