Letter 754
6 October 1872
Yorkville

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from church & will write you a few lines before dinner if some of my Democrat friends do not call to interrupt.  I would have written you from Chester but every moment I was engaged.  Col. Hamilton gave me two letters from you & Mr. Stokes & at Union I wrote you by Ben and also another letter from Spartanburg after I had made up my speech there.  I had a fine meeting at Union.  Judge Munro introduced me to the meeting with highly eulogistic remarks on my past political course.  His daughter who was present invited me to take tea with them.  But I had to decline as I left that evening for Chester.  I called to see Mrs. Dawkins who shed tears at seeing me.  She thought I suppose of my itinerary with the Judge & it recalls his death to her mind.  She expressed great pleasure at meeting me once more & told me how much gratified she was at hearing of my nomination.  I went down from Spartanburg with my old friend Mrs. Herndon and with her a great deal of pleasant chat.  My friends at Union were quite enthusiastic & confident of success.  They were also at Chester & this place.  But the election depends entirely on the turnout of the party.

	I was very much fatigued in going from Union across the boundary to Chester in a miserable hack.  Major  who nominated me in the Convention called to see me & carried me over the whole terrain & introduced me to every lady.  He is an old bachelor & a great.  It seemed to do him good to be with me in charge.  I came up here last night & Col. Hamilton will join me tomorrow morning.  Everything is working well here in Wallaces own county.  He is terribly scared.  I have met a great many violent secessionists, who are my most devoted friends.  All, everyone is delighted at my nomination, & say they desired me above all others, & that I am the only man who can beat Wallace.  I shall speak here tomorrow, Chester Thursday & Winnsborough on Friday & home Saturday.

	Your going to Aiken so soon surprised me.  But I am willing for anything tomy dear boy Hayne.  I love him very much & to him Ifor one who would distinguish my name more than I have done.  I pray to God he may be improved by his visit to Aiken.  My tears are flowing whilst I speak of him.  If he could only be restored I would make any sacrifice of property, fame, & ambition.

	The military school marched by this morning going to church & I thought of poor Frank & Hayne.  The sermon was a good one.  I was introduced to the preacher Mr. Dickson & to Col. Coward the Principal of the military school.  Col. Wilson called to see me & said the Episcopal church was closed today as Mr. Johnson preached at Rock Hill.

	I hope to hear from you at Chester on Thursday after your arrival in Aiken.  Dont write any more politics or say anything about the election.  I hope Willie is engaged but I dont believe it.  I heard from him last week at Anderson.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville