Letter 94
12 December 1847
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just received & read with great pleasure you letter of Friday last, in which you say you will make me a kind sweet wife.  This you have always done, and I require no change for the better but am content with what I already have.  I believe that it has been our lot to pads through life so far with as little matrimonial differences as ordinarily fall to the lot of those whom God has joined together.  I, at least, think myself greatly blessed in my wife & children.  And it would be hard for me to love either more than I do.  When I am with you all, it seems to me now, that I do not know the extent of the feelings of my heart, & it is only when absent that I am made aware of it.

	But I have been thinking very seriously about the absence which must necessarily occur if I go to Congress, & it has affected my resolution very seriously.  Perhaps I can make some arrangements to carry you all with me.

	Yesterday the trial of Judge Richardson came on.  He appeared at the Bar of the House & made a speech of two hours in length & showed pretty clearly that he had his mental faculties about him.  The House acquitted him by a vote of seventy four to thirty two.  The Greenville members voted for his acquittal.  I had no vote till It should come into the Senate.  But the whole matter is now dismissed.

	Governor Richardson came to me some days since to know my opinion & I spoke very freely, that the old man should resign.  The governor told me that the Judge intended doing so after the trial was over.  But I doubt whether he does.

	The Rail Road Bills have all failed, & the state will not aid in the construction.

	This evening I took a ride on horseback.  My mare is so fat & so much improved that you would hardly know her.  Tell Jim I now see what good keeping & care will do for a horse.  He does not seem to be a good hostler.

	The purse sent by Elford is a most beautiful one, and I have just written a letter to Pamela thanking her for it.  It is too pretty to use & I am afraid would be very easily injured.  I gave her an account of you & all the children and I told her you wrote me a letter every mailthat Willie was the smartest boy of his age that I had ever seenthat her godson [Frank] was the universal favourite of everyoneThat Anna & Fanny were sweet childrenthat my children were so pretty & smart that I was willing to have twenty &c.

	Major Henry told me that his daughter had fallen in love with you, & that she talked of nothing else for a week after her return home.

	If I have time I will write Willie a letter tomorrow evening.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry