Letter 151
15 March 1850
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I ought not to write you again.  Yesterday morning I went with Butler Thompson to the Post office after the mail had arrived & was greatly disappointed in not receiving a letter from you.  I hope however you are all well.

	It is probable I may be at home tomorrow night.  Dr. Andersons cases have been postponed, till the extra court, which will sit the week after Greenville court.  The case of Dillard will be tried today & if so I shall leave tomorrow.

	I was employed by Sullivan to assist him in a new case of Dr. Andersons on Wednesday.  I have also had some goods luck in receiving money.  Mr. Kennedy paid me Fifty dollars.  Dr. Teague about fifty & his Brother fifty more.  Col. Irby has not said anything about his note & I am glad of this.

	There is a great deal of business in court, more than can be finished in another week.  The case of Dillon is good for a good fee, though I am afraid it will be good for nothing else so far as my client is concerned.  Miss Mory appears in bad health since her misfortune, but it is said is to be, as soon as her case is determined.  If she worried before it would abate & she has sacrificed her sister to maintain her action.

	I am very anxious to be at home again, & see you & the children & the improvements going on in the way of stables &c.

	Next Tuesday week or Monday there is to be at Greenville the most costly & magnificent circus that has ever been in the upper part of South Carolina.  Tell Willie the ponies are beautiful, & there is a whole circus full of them, & they play al sorts of tricks.  I am sorry shall not be at home top see the children enjoying the sight.  I shall be at Anderson court.

	I was invited to Major Wrights the other evening but did not go.  The Judge has been talking about hospitality &c.  We must invite him either to dinner or to tea during court.

	Kiss the children for me.  I am indeed happy that I am not in Washington & now I would not be induced to enter Congress, as I have said to my friends here this week, who have pressed me to offer again.  There is no place like home & we value it more when absent from those we love.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville