Letter 388
10 February 1857
Greenville

My dear Sir

	The Bond old old Major McKinney to make Titles to his sons Preston, Wilson & Jesse gave them no interest in the land which could be levied on & sold by the Sheriff.  It only conveyed to the purchaser the interest which the Son had in the land as an heir to the old Major.

	The Bond of the Sons to their Father is only to let the old man & woman have the use of the House during their lives & pay them the interest annually on nine hundred dollars.  This is all that would be recovered   if suit were brought & the sons were able to pay it.  Each one of the sons is only liable for his three hundred dollars.

	I think the better course to pursue is to file a Bill in Equity for a partition & sale of the Land, as the Real Estate of the old major McKinney & divide out the proceeds amongst his heirs.  The old Lady would be intitled to one third which would support her.  The children to an equal share, each, of the other two thirds, or if any of the children have sold their interest or it has been sold by the sheriff the purchaser of such interest would take the childs part thus sold.

	But before a decision & payment is made each child would have to account for advancements received from the old major during his life time so as to make them all equal.

	If the personal estate has not been settled in the ordinarys office, Mr. Robinson should have a final settlement then & a decree by the ordinary as to the amount each one has received & what is still due each child.  All advancements in the life time of Major McKinney to each child to be accounted for in this settlement.  The Bonds should be treated as aas they have never been complied with & now cannot be on the part of the sons.  For I presume they are all insolvent.

	If Mr. Robinson is disposed to pursue this course & will furnish me with the names of the children or heirs of old Major McKinney & the name of his widow I will file the Bill for him.  If any of them live out of the state the Bill must be filed three months before Equity court.  He had better therefore act at once.  Yours truly &c., B.F. Perry

 Lawrence
Pickens, C.H.