Letter 550
6 December 1859
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter at four oclock and will write you a line before going to meet the Board of Trustees.  I have just eaten dinner and rece[ive]d three notes to collect in Greenville for the Johnson Female University.

	Stokes returned today & told me he saw William.  He says he did not know his house when he got home.  It was so filled with Methodist Preachers.

	The death of Cook was very sad.  There was a sad death herethat of Col. Ballenger.  Governor Adams too is not expected to live.

	I saw Barnwell Rhett here today.  He congratulated me on my Resolutions and I told him extremes sometimes met.  He said yes & interlocked.  fell on different sides of a river & met, formed an island & were fruitful.  My Resolutions are perfectly harmless, & just right.  They contemplate no action unless the whole South will act and they give a severe rebuke to the north.  If such sentiments become general at the north we must separate.

	Nothing was done in the legislature today, except to pass a Bill to elect an additional Judge.  There was a Bill to protect sheep from dogs which passed.  I am still receiving petitions from Dr. Colcock on that subject.

	Col. Orr came today & could not get a room at this Hotel.  He came up into my room & dressed & then went to the Assembly House.  If I had been here I would have left in my room as Young has gone.  I have a room to myself.  The Hotel is very much crowded.  Seven ladies in one room & only one had for them.  I heard Whaley say, who came up with them, I have two large double beds in my room & ought to propose to exchange with them.

	My law cases will not come up before next week & then I am ready to go home.  I am really tired & disgusted with legislating.

	I will send you what the mercury says of my resolutions.  We took a vote today which shows that the disunionists are not so strong as I expected.

	In great haste, your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville