Letter 711
31 October 1865
Columbia

My dear Lizzie

	I wrote you a letter this morning giving you an account of the election of Governor Manning.  I have nothing to do this evening & will write you again.  The election of Manning & myself seems to have given very general satisfaction.I heard of several persons remarking that South Carolina would have two of the finest looking Senators of any state in the Union.  This however would be a poor compliment for a Senator.  He should have talents, ability& patriotism.  Personal appearance is a matter of small consideration.  Governor Manning is not much of a debater and I shall have to speak for the State.  He says he can do something by conversation & management.

	General McGowan has just been in to see me.  He will be elected to the House & enquired if I was going to take my family.  He thinks we had better go on first & see if we are admitted to our seats & then come home and get our families.  You will think there are bright visions, living in Washington!  How are we to get money?  But I must continue to practice law when at home &make something additional.

	I am anxious now to return home and will do so as soon as I can.  But at present I am waiting to hear from the President, and attend to other matters.  General Hampton called to see me & thank me for getting his pardon, but he said as I obtained it through a mistake I ought to tell the President not to send it.  I told him I would do no such thing.  The election of Governor was still in some doubts.  Orr is, however, probably elected, but it will remain somewhat uncertain till the fourth Monday in November when the vote will be counted.  It is now past ten oclock & I will go to bed.

	Oct. [Nov.] 2ndThis is a gloomy day raining & I have nothing to do & nothing to read.I feel like going home.  It is said there is strong probability of the Legislature adjourning in a day or twoperhaps tomorrow.  But I hope not.  They ought to stay & do their business.  I have just been to breakfast & read the morning papers.  I cannot go out of the Hotel for the rain.  Visitors are not so numerous.  The election of Judges will come off today & tomorrow.  General Kershaw who nominated me for the Senate when they were going to vote  will be elected Chancellor.  Dawkins, Moses, Fair, Sullivan, Thomson, Arthur, Lesesne, Melton & Aldrich.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabetrh Perry
Greenville