Letter 226
26 February 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I have rece[ive]d no letters from you today.  It has been three days since I heard from you.  Neither General Thompson or Mr. F. Burt have recd any during the same period which consoles me in some measure.

	As I was coming upstairs last evening I met General McQueen of South Carolina, who married Miss Pickens a lady we saw at the Chick Springs from Alabama.  He had a letter in his hand to his wife & said that he wrote to her every day & that she wrote to him every other day.  I said that you & I wrote every day.  He said he liked me better now than he ever did.  I told the expression to Col. Summer this morning in the presence of General McQueen.  Col. Summer replied he was not surprised at the General writing every day for he had not been married long, but that I had been married fifteen years.  I dont think General Thompson has recd but two letters from Mrs. Thompson.  He has become inwith the spiritual rappers & goes there every day to talk with the spirit of his daughter, father, uncle and others.  But I believe he has never yet called up the spirit of his wife.  He believes most implicitly in the rappers.  I think it is all humbuggery.  Eliza Jones spirit told him yesterday that John Jones was going to marry Harriet Thurston.  But dont mention this to anyone.  It distresses the General.  She said she wanted to send a message to her children &c.

	Last night I was by myself for some time & I commenced writing you a long letter& immediately Thompson & Burt came in & prevented me.  F. Burt fell down last night & hurt his face & arm so badly that he will not be able to get out again for some days.

	Today I went to see A[rmistead] Burt & we walked to the Fair, which is the most beautiful collection of pretty things I ever saw.  It has made me more anxious to go to the worlds fair.  We will certainly go.  After dinner I went back to the fair with General Thompson but he soon tired & left me.  I have just returned.  The building is the new wing of the Patent office & was crowded.

	Armistead Burt & myself are to go & see the President Monday next at ten oclock.  You speak of office.  There is not one within the gift of the President that I could accept.  No man with a young family living in Greenville ought to accept of any office whilst he is making three thousand dollars a year.  You may depend on my judgement.  I know that any such office would ruin me.  I know your interest, my interest & the interest of my children& nothing shall make me sacrifice them.  You must yield to me judgement in this matter.

	I am anxious to see you & the children & dont think I can stay away much longer.  Home & Home sweet home, there is no place like it, with a good wife & good children.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville