Letter 476
18 April 1858
Greenville

My dear Son

	We did not receive a letter from you last week, but I hope we shall tomorrow.  Franks last letter was missent & delayed three or four days on the route.  It went to Greenville N.C. & was forwarded to this place.  Yours may have taken the same direction.

Franks last letter was well written & gave us great encouragement.  But his Report came yesterday for March, & I see he got 26 demerits that month.  This is more than he received before all together.  I am anxious to know what he did.

	I find it impossible to leave home in time to visit you & return to the Court of Appeals.  If I go I shall start Thursday morning & will not be able to go beyond Annapolis.  I should like to see you, but I am more anxious to see Frank, as it has been so much longer since I saw him, & he needs more looking after than you do.

	I hope my dear son that you are studying hard & behaving well.  You are now of an age to appreciate your opportunities.  Be thoroughly educated, & you will see in after life how much it will be to your advantage.  I have felt all my life the misfortune of wanting a thorough education.  It never can be entirely overcome.

	Anna is doing very well & recovering, but still in bed.  Dr. Earle thinks she will entirely recover & be as well as she ever was.  The rest all well.  Fannie, Hext & Hayne are going to school.  Arthur is growing finely & your mother is well.

	Hamlin Beattie & Sallie Cleveland are to be married Tuesday evening at the Episcopal church.  Choice & Beattie are to give large parties.  We are all invited to Beatties.  Anna only to the wedding.

	Mrs. Nance has written me she wishes to purchase Wiley on account of his wife.  But it is impossible for me at present to part with him.  I may hereafter when I can supply his place.

	There is a great revival here in the Methodist church.  All the little girls in the college are joining
& many of the boys.

	I understand Col Wares eldest daughter is very anxious to marry Arnold, & her parents object & they had quite a scene there the other day.  Arnold was present.  I believe he is the sheriff of Laurens district & is good looking but poor & of a very poor family.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

W.H. Perry
Harvard College