Letter 215
16 December1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

       I have just been to the Post office & recd your letter enclosing one from Anna.  I am afraid I shall not have time to write you this evening & am therefore writing you now in the House of Representatives whilst the clerk is reading over the journals of yesterday.

	I recd a letter from Anna last evening after writing to you.  She writes cheeringly as to her visit.  I would send it to you but it is at my room & I will be at home the day you receive this letter.

	Your Box gives me much trouble.  If it gets wet it will be ruined and now there is nothing but rain.  I do not think it can be sent on the stage.  Mr. Bryant in whose book store it is says I had better not send it to the Rail Road till the weather breaks off.   He will then send it to the Rail Road & a wagon will take it from Newberry.  It will come safer than by the stage.  But I will enquire more about [it] before I leave here.

	Last night the Senate came over & voted for the Blue Ridge Rail Road.  It has this moment passed the third reading in the House and is the law of the land.  This is a great achievement & has drawn on me many compliments & praises.  The Columbia papers this morning speak in high terms of my speech & Mr. Trenholms & attribute the passage of the Bill to those speeches.

	I leave in the morning bright & early.  If anything takes place worth writing I will add a postscript this evening.  I assure you I shall be most happy to meet you & the children again & be once more at home.

	I have authorized Anna to draw on Mr. Elford for any money she wants.  He will have $100 from Hill & Gladden.  I am glad to hear that Anna is so well thought of by her relations in Charleston.  I think all of our children are very superior to most children of their ages.  This, however, is the opinion no doubt of every parent.

       My arm is so much better that I can begin to use my hand a little.  But it pains me occasionally.  I am glad that Hexts eye was not hurt worse.  The children ought to be careful.  It is a wonder more accidents do not happen.

       Yesterday I had a present of a gold pen from a Book seller Mr. Middlekoff.  I weas purchasing some paper of him.  He & his wife sit next to me at the table.  He has lately opened a book store in Columbia.  Yours most affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville