Letter 110
29 July 1848
Greenville

My dear Sir

	I thank you for your letter received last night & in reply to it can only say that you have very happily expressed my position in regard to the Presidency.

	Neither of the candidates is acceptable to me, but if forced to choose between them I could not hesitate to take the nominee of my own party with his endorsement of the Democratic creed. In preference to the nominee of my political opponent, who has not expressed himself in favour of one solitary principle beneficial to the South.

	I was anxious that the State should not take sides at present in the canvass.  Her neutrality will give her influence & position in the settlement of this territorial question.  Moreover both candidates being objectionable is a strong reason why we should not be in haste to enlist under the banner of either.

	But the American people are impatient, & must take sides in all elections.  The people of South Carolina are so in the present contest.  Neutrality will not be endured much longer.  In regard to the Congressional Election it has nothing to do with the election of President.  And I do not see why it should be made a test question between Col. Orr & myself.

	I am disposed to maintain my neutrality as long as possible.  But when forced to give it up I shall not go into the ranks of a Southern man who is afraid to avow himself in favour of Southern rights & the equality of the States, who has expressed himself in his signal letter in favour of the Wilmot Proviso by opposing the ordinance of 1787 & declaring against the extension of Slavery.  General Taylor has also abandoned the veto power which is the great protection of the South, in the administration of the government by a Southern man.

	The party supporting General Taylor are our hereditary enemies on the Tariff, Bank, Internal Improvement & latitudinarian continuation of the Constitution.  It is impossible for South Carolina to Take position in their ranks & fight against her old principles.

	I am glad to hear that my reply to Col. Orr has met the approbation of my friends.  I hear this is the case from all quarters.

	You will please give my respects to Mr. Maxwell and I hope on your return home you will call & see me in Greenville.  Truly yours, B.F. Perry

Major T.J. Wright, care of R. Maxwell
Pendleton