Letter 62
5 December 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I was very much disappointed in not receiving an answer to my letter enclosing you $25.00.  I hope it is not lost.  I received a letter from you night before last.  I have been so much engaged that I have not had time to write you as often as I wish to do.

	We have had more elections & electioneering than I ever knew before.  After five ballotings Judge Butler has been elected U.S. Senator.  Governor Hammond was ahead of him two ballotings.  Col. Davie was also a candidate.  There was great excitement.  The old rumors against Hammond were brought to bear on him.  I saw a letter from him.  He admitted that he had committed a great indiscretion, denied that there was anything criminal designed by him.  But said that he should not attempt to defend or extenuate his conduct unless the version given by Col. Hampton was grossly incorrect.  I heard that Col. Hampton placed in the hands of Col. [John Algernon Sidney] Ashe a letter of Hammonds confessing & begging.  I know nothing more about the affair.

	The election of Governor will be made Tuesday.  Chancellor Johnson has already resigned.  Two Judges are now to be elected.  My friends have placed my name amongst the chancellor for Chancellor.    But I do not know that I will continue to run.  They think however that my chance is a good one for being elected.  I have no such hope.  General Caldwell, Mr. DeSaussure, F. Wardlaw, Col. Patterson, & Haynesworth are all candidates.  For the Law Judge General Whitner & Col. Dawkins are running.  But for Whitner I would run for a seat on that Bench.  A good many persons have spoken to me about running & have persuaded me that my chance was as good as anyones.  But the others have had so long the start of me.

	You had better not come here until the elections are over.  They will probably take place next week.  But you must expect to hear of my [being] beaten.  And as all my friends say, it will do me no harm to run if I am beaten.  I believe to a[ttempt] it is your advice.

I was at the fair last night & saw Jane Walker.  Mrs. Walker is here & her son.  I wrote you in my last that Mrs. Thompson & Eliza & Jones were here.

	I hope you have seen the Charleston Courier & read the accounts of my speeches.  I am sure you will read them with great pleasure.

	I saw Mrs. Aiken in the Senate Chamber today.  She has been there every day for the last three or four days.  I find her a very pleasant lady.  Mrs. Yancey was in the Senate Chamber today but I did not have an opportunity of speaking to her.   I met her last night at the Fair again.  She is actually turning gray or it seemed so to menothing remarkable about her.

	I was invited to dine with Mr. DeSaussure today & also with Col. Martin.  But I declined both invitations.

       How are the children?  You must write me several days before hand when you are coming so that I may prepare to receive you.  But you had better not be here during the election if I run for Chancellor.  I will write you again Monday.    In haste yours truly and affectionately, B.F. Perry

P.S. I bought of Miss Hampton at the Fair a silk waist coat worked by heralso a prettybox for youthe prettiest thing you ever saw.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston