Letter 429
22 November 1857
Columbia

My dear Son

	I arrived here last night about twelve oclock.  We had a run off & break down on the Greenville cars as I came down.  The Engine was broken all to pieces, but the passengers rece[ive]d no injury, nor were the cars injured.  But we were detained in the swamp twenty miles above Columbia from two till ten at night without anything to eat or drink not even water.  The conductor had to send to Columbia for an Engine & cars.  We arrived in town at midnight hungry and cold.  I ate a hearty supper went to bed & slept till eight.  I feel quite well.

	At dinner I sat with Dr. & Mrs. LeConte.  The Dr. tells me [William Henry] White took first honors, [Elias Lynch] Rivers second & [William Calhoun] Keith third.  This has surprised my lady & Mrs. LeConte thinks Keith was degraded for having attended McCays recitation.  Born well &gave him a low stand in the recent examinations.  Dr. LeConte gave him the highest mark.  The College is all quiet.  There are one hundred & sixty students in College.  They are now on their good behavior.  How long they will remain so is doubtful.

	Hamlin Beattie and C Butler are both here applying for admission to the Bar.  There are
 twenty five applicants.  They are examined tomorrow.

	When I left home Spartan Goodlett was very ill with typhoid fever & hardly expected to live.  There have been a great many deaths in Greenville this fall with this disease & bowel complaint.

	The Charleston members have not yet arrived.  They come up in the morning.  I have not seen or heard from Col. Memminger since he was at Greenville.

       I tell everyone that you are pleased with Harvard.  I told LeConte how often you were examined.  He seemed surprised at it.

       You must write to me here for the next four or five weeks.  I have no news to write you.

       The election for United States Senator is exciting a good deal of interest.  I think the contest will be between Pickens, Manning & Chesnut.

	The College & the banks will excite a good deal of interest in the Legislature.  I have drawn up a Bill to submit, converting the college into a university, diminishing the number of Trustees & making the Professors dependent in some manner on the tuition fund for their salaries.

	We have had extreme cold weather in Greenville.  The thermometer fell to eighteen which is unusually cold winter weather.  The mountains have been covered with snow.  I suppose you find it cold at Cambridge.  You must guard against taking cold.  Never sit or be chilled in a current of air.  When you find yourself becoming chilly guard against it.  There is a great danger in walking or heating yourself & then colling down to[o] soon.  Avoid night air & the cold winds of night & day.

	I shall be so busy in the court of appeals & the Legislature that I shall not have much time to write you.

	There has been a great Fair in Columbia & one in Charleston.  Col Ware took a premium with his fine horses in Columbia.

	I suppose your mother wrote you about your grandmother having her house broken open.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

W.H. Perry
Harvard College