Letter 177
15 June 1851
Anderson

My dear Liz

	I have just written a long letter to Mr. Elford & now he will write a short one to you.  It is late in the night & I hope you & little Hext the Union Boy are both sound asleep & as well as could be expected,  I go from here direct to Pickens on Wednesday.  There is not much business in court.

	Judge Johnston informs me that he left his wife in your situation, & that her health is bad.  Mr. Perrin Isaid his wife was also in the same condition.  Col. McGowan who was married last January was afraid for his lady to ride on the Rail Road in consequence of her situation.  He told me of a sad accident on the Rail Road a few days sinceCol. McCords daughter married to Mr.started on the rail Road to Augusta & was confined in the cars & brought forth a fine infant being & likely to do well.  I suppose the little fellow was travelling at the rate of twenty miles an hour when he came into the world.  My client Walker met with a terrible accident too.  He was coming too court with his wife, & she was confined on the road!  Truly these are beautiful times with you women folks.

	I hope your mother is keeping her promise & taking good care of you.  Howthe baby will be when I see it.  I shall be delighted to see the little fellow.

	God bless you & the children & preserve you.  If anyone comes to Pickens write me a line or send a newspaper.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

P.S. I have just thought of another piece of news.  Last court I saw here a fine, handsome your music teacher from New York.  Dr. Sloan a young man here fell in love with her & she with him.  Some months since she left Mr. Bensons & returned home.  Since that time she has given birth to a bouncing boy, & thrown all of her friends here with great consternation.  She was greatly esteemed & very pious.  Dr. Sloan has gone off & nobody knows where.  The young woman Miss Horton has exhibited a piece of writing in which they acknowledge themselves husband & wife.  This was pretty cunning & is by our laws a legal marriage!

	But enough of this slander.  The girls have left herevery few now at Bensons.  I suppose they are afraid of being served as Miss Horton was.  Yours truly &c, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville