Letter 9
Laurens C. House, 11th October 1843

My dear Liz

	It is now late in the night, and I hope that you, Miss Pamela, and the children dear little creatures all of you, are sweetly reposing in the arms of that leaden eyed deity of whose embraces noor lover is ever jealous, no matter how much they may be sought for and enjoyed.  I have just finished looking overforthcoming volume of Reports, which contain several of my able & learned arguments in the Court of Appeals.  This you may be certain, afforded me no little gratification, and I hope you will not feel your noble self slighted when I tell you for the time being you & the children were not out of my thoughts.  But this letter is an evidence of the quickness with which you are recalled.

	The fore front of the evening I spent in conversation with Judge [Andrew P.] Butler.  He possesses his usual flower of spirit, with humour.  I love him much, although you know he shows no greatfor some of his family, in Greenville.  The Judge is a noble hearted fellow, liberal, generous, high minded & honorable.

	We have very few lawyers in attendance on this court.  Burt is at Edgefield, Henry has gone to Union, General Caldwell to Sumter.  General Whitner heard of the extreme illness of his brother in law Dr. Harrison last night & returned post haste to Anderson, leaving me the solicitors duties to perform, which will consist principally in prosecuting some pugilists for an affray & assault & battery.  This may detour me here longer than I intended to stay.  It is probable that I may not be at home till Friday night.

	Tell Miss Pamela that I have not had the pleasure of meeting either her Father or Brother at this court and I am afraid it will be out of my power to visit Rosemont during my stay here, those which nothing would give me greater pleasure. The letter which she entrusted to my care, was deposited in the Post office early Monday morning & I have no doubt it has gone safely.

	I know you are fond of news, like all of mothersdaughters, I therefore give you an item which I have just heard from Judge Butler.  It is rumored that Col. [Francis W.] Pickens is going to be married to Col. John C. Calhouns daughter, about sixteen or seventeen years old! Dr. [Maximilian] Laborde too is about taking to himself another wife, Miss Carroll, his sister in law!  How lucky these old widowers are [&] how easily they fool the young girls!.  And how complimentary to the memory of their departed wives.  They have found the married state one of so much happiness that they cannot exist out of it!

	If you see Mrs. Coleman tell her that the Cols law suit is not yet tried.  I promised to write him by this mail if it had been tried.  Both Young and myself are in good spirits in regard to the case.  It is one of considerable importance to Col. Coleman.

	I hope you & Miss Pamela are keeping house finely with the help of the children and servants to keep you straight.  When did you have your company?  You have had fine evenings for company.  The weather is delightful, & I hope you have had no further visitations from the toothacheand that Miss Pamela has entirely forgotten that there is any such thing as a nervousat all, or such medicine as calomel.  And I hope the children, little Will, Anna & Frank have all forgotten how to cry!!  In all of theseI am sure you will all join me most heartily (page torn) had forgotten or it should have been (page torn).

	I am not so well myself as I was when I left home.  This I say in truth & in compliment to you & the dinner which your kindness provided me with on the road.  I ate too much.  I stopped on the road & had quite a social meal with my horse!  He is indeed a civilized brute and possesses a much more refined taste than most Kentuckians.  He ate several of the rolls, a large portion of the fruit cake, & smacked his mouth as if it was a most delicious morsel, much better than the food every day given him by his worthless groom.  I offered him a piece of ham, but he turned up his nose at the gross & vulgar food & seemed to say that it should not touch his lips after your pound cake.  I ate too much & have been starving myself ever since, which suits the Tavern here, remarkably well.  There ought to be professorships of cooking.

	But I must now go to bed.  I can imagine to myself the great stillness at home tonight, and your situation tomorrow evening when you receive this letter.  Will & An[n]a will have gone to bedperhaps not yet asleeptalking to each other in the darkFrank taking his supperyou and Miss Pamela seated around the lamps engaged in work.  Is this a true picture?  Yours good night , and good bless you, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville