Letter 29
Sunday night, [23] November 1845
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I arrived here this evening after a fatiguing passage on the Stage & have nothing of interest to write you.  I am afraid if I have to postpone writing till tomorrow, I shall not have time.  As yet I have seen very few persons.  But as I know you will be glad to receive a line from me saying I am well & have arrived safely, I will write you the evening.

	We had a stage fullElias Earle, Speen, Ware, Dr. Evans & Morris from Anderson.  Col. Ware joins us at Mr. Neelys.  He & Earle had provisions with them.  We all made a sumptuous dinner yesterday & today.  Theat Newberry House has improved very much.  By the bye Judge Frost has heard off his trunk.  Some negroes of a man named Hole found it in the road & secreted it.  They burnt the trunk & books,a portion of the money, dressed themselves in the Judges clothes & gave his silk gown to a negro woman to ware.  A portion only of the money has been recovered & the gold watch & his new suit of clothes.

	Mr. John Maxwell is a candidate for Super Intendent of Public Works, which will interfere most seriously with Elias Earles chance of success.  Their friends are trying to persuade them not to both run.  Mr. Maxwell is a rich man need the office.  But if he runs he will prove a very formidable competition.

	The feeling in favor of the railroad is strong from Greenvillein this place and the feeling in Charleston.  Other portions of the state is friendly & favorable.  I   think a charter will be obtained this session, but I am afraid the Legislature will not take stock in the Road.

	Duncan & McBee were just ahead of us, & are at the House (Maybins).  I suppose Luther & Susan will be married the day after you receive this letter,  You are now no doubt busy in arranging for the wedding & hardly have time to read my letter so I will stop and write you a longer one next mail.

	Tell Jim to kill the hogs as soon as the weather turns cold.  We had rain Saturday night.  Do not leave the children alone.  I dreamed about it last night.  Tell Willie to learn fast & I will bring him a pretty knifeAnna to be good & she shall have a presentand Frank must talk to be rewarded.

	God bless you my dear wife.  Yours &c, B.F. Perry

P.S.  Col. Martin & Col. Taylor enquired where you were.  They had understood you were coming down with me.  Mrs. Martin is not well nor is Mrs. Taylor well.

	I told Judge Butler that Susan was to be married.  He said perhaps his advice had some influence on her.

	The weather is cold today & clear (Monday).

	I resented the Rail Road Petitions & they were favorably rece[ive]d.

	In haste yours, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville