Letter 230
1 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	This is a very bad day.  The rain is pouring down, and I am not able to go out.  I am now all alone, but how long this will be the case is doubtful.  I have therefore concluded to write you a letter.  I will write till I am disturbed.  But I have nothing to write you.  Nothing has occurred since last night [at] eleven oclock when I finished my last letter to you.

	Having no incidents to mention I will comment on the City of Washington & the thousands of strangers who are now here seeking offices, wives, husbands, & pleasure.  I suppose there are at this time in the city at least five thousand women from all parts of the United States seeking husbands just as openly as the men are seeking offices & I presume nineteen twentieths of both classes will be disappointed.  It is hard to saywhich class of seekers are the more active & indefatigable in their respective pursuits.  The ladies seem to wish to excite love in all their actions & mode of dressing.  I will mention one or two instances & leave you to judge for yourself.  Last night at the supper table, which is a huge round table where each one can see everybody else.  Two ladies took their seats opposite to me with their entire bosoms open to their belts and their white gowns covering their breasts just in such a way as to expose the whole bosom.  One of them deliberately put her hand on her breast & compressed it so as to push it a little under her dress.  I must confess I never saw such a fine pair of breasts in my life, full & pleasing, fair & beautiful, swelling & sinking with every breath drawn.

	This morning I saw two others come to the breakfast table very neatly & prettily dressed, but with gowns opening in front & exposing a part of a white underdress below the waist!  These latter ladies are said to be the Miss Stephens from South Carolina., but I think they are from New Yorkthe two last night I was not able to learn anything about.  They have a way too, of placing the elbow on the table with the hand raised, by which means they are enabled to expose to view the whole arm naked with beautiful frills encircling & fingers covered over with jewelry, a very pretty sight.  In the Streets, in the Capitol, at the Fair, there is one complete jamdresses as various as the statescloaks like gowns are much worn.  I have not seen a long cloak at all.

	The gentlemen are very much whiskered & bearded & mustached.  They are from all parts of the world, England & China, California, France, Australia, Maine, Canada Russia &c.

	The trial of Dr. Gardiner does not commence till Monday & may take two weeks.  I do not think it proper for me to stay & risk the chances.  But I have determined on nothing yet.  As soon as I do I will write you.  I am tired of this crowd & cease to take much interest in the proceedings of Congress.  Mr. Armistead Burt said to me yesterday as he was leaving the Capitol for the last time that he intended to shake the dust off his feet & quit the place, that he had been here ten years & was utterly disgusted with Congress & the city.

	I have written you so many letters, & you were so long in receiving the first one that I am afraid you will not have time to read all of them before I return home.  When they begin to come you will get them by half dozens.

	Mr. Burt has just come up & brought me your letter of Thursday & yet you have heard nothing from me.  That is strange very strange.  B.F.Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville