Letter 131
Friday evening, May 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from dining with Mr. Petigru & shall not have time to write you as long a letter as I intended to do before I shall be under the necessity of going to attend the college exhibition.

	Since my arrival here I have been busy, the greater part of the time in court listening to Mr. Petigru, Col. Hunt, Col. Memminger & Judge henry arguing some very important cases.  When I shall reach mine is very uncertain.

	In coming down I did not get to see Col. Irby, but was told that he will be here Sunday night.  The draft Col. Dunham gave me has not been paid.  His agent says he owes him nothing so I shall probably not have funds to purchase many things or go to Charleston.

	At Laurens there was a passenger in the stage who had been overseeing all his life for wealthy planters in the lower country who amused me greatly as I came to town.  Amongst many others
he had overseed for Mr. Wigfall father in law of Dr. Simmons.  He says the Dr. has moved nine times since his marriagethat his wife is one of the finest ladies he ever knewthat he has spent a large portion of his fortune, but will have a handsome competency on the death of Mrs. Wigfall.

	At Newberry I passed Mrs. Walker without seeing her.  That night Mr. Higgins came to the Hotel and asked me to take charge of two young ladies, nieces of Col. Fairs, who were going to Columbia.  I found them very pleasant & agreeable.  One of them was from Florida.  They were going to Dr.  Fairs in Columbia.  We had a great deal of amusement with the overseer who told us about his family difficulties &c.  He & his wife lived very badly together.  The young ladies pronounced him a hen picked husband & his wife a

	On my arrival in Columbia I found a whole troop of Arabs in Maybins tavern.  They are as black as mulattoes & two of them have fine looking English wives & children.  They are dressed in the Arabian costume & present a fanciful appearance.

	That night I attended the Board of Trustees & General Adams & myself were sent to the college to represent them at the exhibition of the students.  The college was crowded with ladies, & Adams said we were selected because we were the finest looking members of the Board.  Col. Summer said the ladies in the gallery made the same remark when we came in.

	I met Mr. Brumby on the stage in college but we did not recognise each other.  When I found out who he was I spoke to him.  He said I had entirely changed every feature &c.  He invited me to take tea with him & get an acquaintance with Mrs. Brumby who was an intimate friend of your mother.  I suppose he meant Mrs. Hayne.

	I have never seen so many lawyers in Columbia.  There are 70 here & more coming.  Petigru came to me in court today & said I must go & dine with him at Clarks Hotel.  We spent a pleasant evening & walked over the town off Columbia after dinner.  He told me that he wished to see me a Judgethat I was a great fool for coming out for Cass last summerthat he reached Pendleton two days after my declaration & if it had been two days before he would have stopped me.

	I have bought myself a coat, two pairs of pantaloons, two waistcoats for $23.00.  One of the waistcoats is French linen & I know you will oppose my taste.

	I am anxious to hear from you & the children.  I saw the uncle of Mrs. Earle who was greatly shocked at her death.  Major Henry & daughter are here.  Miss Henry seems a great favourite with her teacher & Dr. Lieber.  She learns very fast.

	Kiss the children for me.  I will write you by the next mail.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry