Letter 653
26 February 1863
Greenville

My dsear Liz

	Harrison has just brought your letter & homespun.  He says his waggon will call in the morning.  Fannie will send you a jug of molasses & some strawberry plants.

	I was glad to hear from you but would have been still better pleased if Alfred had got home before you wrote, so that you could have replied to our letters.

	I am glad to learn you are likely to get bacon & lard from Maj. Carruth.  Word is a hard customer.  He thinks of Charleston prices.  I think we can make out with the corn we have at Glencoe.  But I am willing to buy 50 or 100 bushels if near & can be hauled.  Sam McClanahan has promised to let me have bacon at 60 cents.

	I am gardening, have planted all the beds where we had Irish potatoes last year again in potatoes & in addition the whole bed on the right of the gate.  I hope here I shall have plenty.  The potatoes in the old beds were almost enough to replant them.  They were round & very large.  I have planted one bed in English Peas & another partly in cabbage seed, lettuce & radishes.  Today I have Charles, Charlotte & Rose working in the garden.

	I made ten dollars yesterday but nothing today.  I sent by Grady to Charleston to sell for me $2000 of South Carolina Bills.  They are worth 30 cts premium & this will make me $600.  I have $1200 more but did not send it.   I am going to invest my confederate Bills in a note ofHme for $1606.47.  I took a note the other day from Collins on Scott & McCullough for $500.00.  I am trying to get rid of all my money in notes.

	There is no news.  I recd a letter from Col. S.O. Goodlett last night wishing me to come on to Wilmington to defend him but I cannot go.  I went to see his daughter the other day.  Gen. Evans has been acquitted & I fear Goodlett will fare badly.

	We are getting on pretty well.  But wo you at home very much.  I will probably come up & see you next week before I start on the circuit.

	I hope you make the servants clear & plow the oats as fast as possible.  I hope Bill Fisher has commendced the fence & that McClures going on with his clearing.  Dont take the servants from their work for anything.  You & Mary must manage the garden & Hext go on mess.

	Edward is sick with sore throat & Hoke is attending him.

	Edward Stokes is expected home this evening.  I saw Captain Williams the other day.

	Old Mr. Pinckney was at the Mansion House last night.  He says Buncombe is very cold.  The coldest winter climate he ever saw except Boston.

	I wish to plant the most of the field around Alfreds House in potatoes.  Get all the seed you can, Irish & Sweet.

	In great haste, your affectionate husband.  Give my love to all the children, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe