Letter 96
13 December 1847
Columbia

My dear Liz

	There is now so much commotion & such a press of business in the Legislature that I have not time to write you as I would desire.

	We shall adjourn on Friday night & I will leave here Saturday morning, which will enable me to reach home Monday night or Tuesday.  If the roads are bad I shall not be able to drive it in three days, as my horse will have been standing idle so long & become so fat it would hurt her.

	Tell Willie I have not had time to write him as I desired to do.  I am sorry he is not with me.  Mr. Sullivan brought his little boy down with him & sent him back the next day in the carriage.  Mrs. Sullivan has now come down in the carriage with another one of his little ones.  She is staying at this House.

	Tomorrow General Shields is to arrive here & there will be a great show.  I have been appointed one of the committee on the part of the Senate to receive him to the State House where the governor will address him & the multitude be present to receive him.

	If I should have time I will write you or Willie after he reaches this place.  I hope to hear from you twice before I leave Columbia, Wednesday & Friday.

	I have bought a set of chess men, a board for $2.25 which are very neat & pretty.  I have also bought a cup for travelling, which looks as well as silver & is a very pretty pattern for $2.00.

	I must now go down to the Legislature, & will finish my letter tomorrow.

	I have just taken my seat to finish my hasty letter.  The arrival of General Shields has thrown the whole town in an uproar.  As one of the committee I went down to the Rail Road depot to receive him.  The procession was immense.  He is a small but noble looking fellow, with a foreign air & look.  The crowd some five thousand persons called for him in the streets.  He went out & addressed them from the second story of the Hotel & made a thrilling speech.  Just before we were going to sit down to dinner, DeSaussure came to me & said the governors table was too small & that part of us must go & dine with him.  I went & spent a pleasant eveningnever saw Mrs. DeSaussure before.  She is fine looking & very masculine.  I saw Mrs. Bull, she has faded very much.  Col. Hunt, Davie, General, Col. Orr, Boykin, General Wallace all dined with DeSaussuere.

	I have not yet read your letter but will in a few minutes I hope.  It is now 8 oclock & I must hasten back to the Senate.

	Kiss the children for me &   believe me your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville