Letter 521
13 March 1859
Greenville

My dear Son

	I received your letter written after your return to Harvard last night & was glad to learn that you had safely arrived in time to attend your recitations.

	You must have staid one day in New York.  Why did you not mention it.  I enquired of Col. Goodlett who left New York last Thursdaya week & he had not heard of you.  They all stopped at the Astor House & Boyles Crayton had his packet book stolen.  He took the precaution to out it under the head of his bed when he went to sleep & forgot to put it in his packet when hew dressed.  I do not understand how anyone can be so foolish as to do this without putting his packet book in his sack or pantaloons or vest.

	There was another attempt last Thursday night to burn up Cox & Gowers carriage establishment.  The incendiary shot at one of the watchmen Carson & missed him one inch only with anball.  Carson fired twice in return.  He then discovered the mess in the shop in a blaze.  Fire had been put in through a broken pane of glass.  Fortunately it did not spread & the lower part of town was aroused.

	I go in the morning to Anderson Court & will be there al the week I am afraid.

	We recei[ve]d a letter from Frank last night.  He said he was getting high averages in his class, had read the life of Decatur & was more in love with a naval life than before.

	I am pleased to hear my dear son your determination to try & gratify the wishes of your parents.  We have done much for you & love you dearly.  You must be good, honorable, religious, studious & ambitious to make for yourself a name & reputation.  You have had more advantages than most young men and more is expected of you.

	Hext has just come to tell that there was another attempt to set fire last night to burn up Cox & Gowers shop & that Kirk Smith & Parker two of the workmen were detected & have been lodged in jail.  Smith is a boy & son of Che Smith.  He had been whipped by Gower for forging an order.  I have not heard the cause of Parkers fiendish revenge.

	We have ordered a monument for poor Anna in Philadelphia which is exquisitely beautiful & will cost there $400.00.  The Iron railing for her grave has been forwarded on.

	Return day was yesterday.  We had a small return.

	Be careful of your health.  Do not catch cold.  Dont go out of nights.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

W.H. Perry
Harvard College