Letter 56
29 October 1846
Anderson

My dear Liz

	Mr. Spears will return to Greenville in the morning and I cannot forego the opportunity of writing you a few lines.

	I hope to hear from you & how the children are by the stage tomorrow.  I have been detained here longer than I expected and the probability is that I shall not get off till the end of the week.  I have a case of great importance which is at the foot of the docket.  I have been trying to compromise it, but have not yet succeeded.

	I had a settlement with my client Mattisontook his note for $200.  He is very good but I should like the money instead of it.  I shall get another note for $50 so theis not entirely valueless.

	I have not yet sent your prescription & box to Mr. Sharpe but will do so if I do not carry it myself.  I have not seen Mr. Sharpe since I have been here.

	General [Joseph Newton] Whitner told me today that Mrs. Whitner had sent to invite me there yesterday evening but the messenger could not find me and that she was scolding him for not bringing me.  They are kind & hospitable.

	I hope you & your household are doing well.  I am very anxious about the children but hope for the best.  You must write me a letter by Mr. Spears to Pickens.  Send it to Mrs. Rowlands early Sunday morning.  And let me have all the news.  How you & the children are.  How your mother & family arethe servants &c.  You can also give me an account of the wedding.  I understand the whole world is invited.

	I am very much afraid I shall not be able to go by my Fathers old place.  I am certain that I shall not get there Friday night. But perhaps I can see them at Pickens & it will do as well.

	We shall have a great deal of business at Pickens & I may not be at home till the last of the week or Sunday.

	The rail road is quite popular here & in Abbeville.  It is said Abbeville will subscribe $500,000.  I begin to think the road must go that way.

	Kiss the children & tell Frank I will let him ride Skylark when I come home.  Tell Will he must keep heart & tell Anna she must be a good girl & begin to learn her letters.  Your husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville