Letter 63
7 December 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just rece[ive]d a letter from Col. Martin informing me that Mrs. Rhett has this afternoon lost a little daughter with scarlet fever & that it is prevailing in several families in Columbia.  If the fever still continues you must either remain in Charleston or pass immediately through Columbia.  I will write you again tomorrow evening.  And you must write to me what you determine on.

	The election of Chancellor takes place tomorrow at 1 oclock.  The probability is that no election will be made for the first or second balloting.  I shall be voted for by some, but have no hopes of being elected.  Caldwell & DeSaussure are electioneering hard for it.  I think it unbecoming a gentleman to electioneer for such an office & will not even mention it to a member.  It is not generally known that my name is used as a candidate.  Several gentlemen have told me that they were glad my name was used although they could not vote for me the first ballotthey would the second.  My friends tell me that all the members seem pleased at my nomination & the greater portion would support me but for their pledge to others previously.  In the scramble there is no telling what may happen.  The fact of my permitting my name to be used will do me no harm if I gain nothing by it.  I look upon it as an honor to be taken up under the circumstances & voted for by even a few friends.  But I will write you the result tomorrow night.  The election for Law Judge will not come on for several days.

	I was at the commencement this morning, & a splendid one it wasmore company & better performance than I ever witnessed before.  Mrs. Jones was there, also Mrs. Walker & Jane.

	In regard to servants clothes & everything else do as you think best.  I have confidence in your judgement & prudence my dear wife.  My only anxiety now is about the children.  I have so many reports to write tonight that I must conclude.  Your husband &c, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston