Letter 679
[ca. 29 November 1864] Tuesday morning
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am writing you in the House of Representatives, & amidst great confusion.  But it is the only chance I have of writing to you.  I am very busy & time to do nothing.

	We arrived here safely Sunday evening.  Fannie went to Dr. & Mrs. LeContes Monday morning.  Dr. Ward & Hext went down with her.  Hext remained all day & came back in the evening & got his clothes & returned to the doctors to stay,  He seems to be enjoying himself there very much in shooting with John LeConte.  I have not been able to see Fannie since she left the Hotel,  Col. Johnson enquired after you all very kindlysaid Mrs. Johnson would call to see Fannie today & that she must go & stay with them.  He is very kind.

	You will see from the Papers that Col. [Robert Bentham] Boylston has been elected Speaker.  The message of the Governor is published this mornibng.  The news from Augusta is very unfavorable.  It is  said the Enemy are in sight of Augusta.  Col. Martin telegraphed me that the Enemy wastowards his plantation in Georgia & he would not be able to meet me in Columbia.

	Judge Withers told me yesterday that Col. Lecowleys Regiment had been sent from Willmington to Georgia.  But at Florence there was a dispatch to send them back to Willmington which was done.  I am not sorry for this change for there is I hope less danger in Willmington than there would be in Georgia.

	Fannie & Mrs. LeConte & Lula & Miss Graham are now in the gallery & I have just been up to speak to them.  Fannie has written you this morning she says.

	Youir uncle Arthur has been sitting by this morning enquiring kindly about you all.  He is as loquacious as ever & very much out with the town & ext spirit of Columbia.

	I saw Vardry last night.  The cadets go to Augusta Thursday.  The Militia will all be sent to Georgia.  I have not seen Col. OHanlon.  I wish Hext to go down there before he goes home.  The weather is very warm, a great change since I left home.

	The spirit of everyone here is rather despondent.  Yeadon said yesterday that my expression The State was going to the devil was being rapidly realized.  This moment the Speaker read a telegraph dispatch to the Governor from General Bragg that the Enemys cavalry had broken rhe Savannah Rail Road thirty miles below Augusta & that General Wheeler was successfully pursuing them.

	I have just paid Col. Summer for the barrel of sugar $740.  Judge Withers told me yesterday that his family had only had one Barrel of Flour during all last summer & that they were almost starving.  He said he could stand it as he was raised roughly but his wife & children had not & it went hard with them.

	I will now close as I have been very much.  If anything happens before night I will write you again.  I hope to hear from you this evening.  Write me as often as you have leisure & anything to write about & I will do the same.

	Give my love to the children.  Tell Susan that Vardry was in fine spirits & delighted with his prospects.  He got his coat &c. by.  YourHusband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville