Letter 721
8 December 1865
Columbia

My dear Lizzie

	Your long letter of Tuesday was rece[ive]d this morning.  Instead of scolding you I approve of your horse trade & think you have done well.  But now you must make Wiley sell his mare & dispose of Wagner.  Two horses are as many as I can afford to keep.

	I have written to Mr. Buist in reply to his letter to me that I would take greenbacks if paid this year, & that he might pay the money to Grady who would git his note of you.  It is in my note packet book in my safe.  I owe Grady, & will be glad to pay him.  He can act as my banker & pay off several little notes I have given for corn &c. & furnish you with money as you may need it.

	I went with Fannie & Miss Janney to the State House this morning & there saw Mrs. LeConte & Lula.  We spent the morning pleasantly & several of our friends came to speak to us.  The girls went to visit Miss Gibbes and I returned to the Hotel.  Mrs. Joseph LeConte told me they had a likeness of me in Harpers or Leslies illustrated paper.  But that it was a very poor likeness.  I and the Governor of New Jersey were together.  I have not seen the print.

	I hope to hear something definite from Washington this week so as to either go on to Washington or return home next week.  The Presidents Message is good, very good, but the first days proceedings in Congress are bad, bad.  I think however Johnson will be able to control a majority of the members.

	I am glad to know that Hext & Ben are willing to work & make money.  But it will be better for them to continue at school for the present.  Let Hayne & Hext both go to Mr. Anderson.

	I have just had a visit from Col. Childs & Mr. Rufus Johnston though it is now after eleven oclock in the night.  They came to git me to give a certificate for General Butler to General Johnston for an appointment in the Express Company which I did with great pleasure.  Col. Childs says my letter to him when he went north gave him credit & entre everywherethat I was well known.  Rufus Johnston said no one was more talked of in New York.

	Good night.  I hope to see someone going up in the morning to take this letter.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville