Letter 156
6 May 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I arrived here yesterday evening & found the roads worse than I ever saw them.  It is well that you did not come with me in the buggy as we once spoke of doing.  Had you started with me, we should have been fastened in some mud hole.  It is enough to kill horses & break carriages all to pieces to pass over such roads.  Thirty miles above Columbia we had to turn off the road & than a neighborhood path.

	Mr. Elford & myself traveled down alone except a short time in company with Henderson of Laurens.  We had a very pleasant trip & I found Elford a fine travelling companion.  Believe there is nothing that attaches gentlemen to each other more than travelling together.  We stopped on the roadside & ate our dinners in the woods & had provisions enough to last all the way.

	Saturday night we stopped at Faulks.  He complained bitterly of his daughters extravagance at Greenville.  He said she had spent thirty five dollars in two months.  We told him that was very moderate indeed.  That young ladies spent there that much at school in dressing.  He opened his his Dutch eyes in amazement, & said that Robert hadto him it was not at all , that he would be very far from encouraging a young lady in any extravagance.

       Tell Willie I am sitting in the same room we had last winter, and the first thought which I had on entering the room was about him.  I looked at the bed & thought of his being in it.  I looked at the window where he used to stand & look at the poor turkies cooped up for slaughter, and thought of him.  I wish he was with me again.  It is pleasant to have some member of the family with me to talk to & love, either wife or child.

	You may say to Willie that the turkey pen has been connected with a handsome little garden with a summer house in it & the walls most fantastically laid off & looking as if they werewith marble.  A great metamorphis indeed for a turkey pen.

       As soon as I went into the barroom on arriving at the Hotel a tall fellow, rather good looking, who was standing there as keeper enquired of me how Mr. McBees family were.  Said his name was Alexander & that & that Mrs. McBee was his cousin.  He looked a good deal like Vardry McBee of.

	Tell Wilie that our friend Jim enquired after him very kindly.  I am now writing to you before breakfast, & have seen very few persons & can tell you very little news.  May not have time to write you again this morning.  I hope you will give me a diary on Wednesday of yourself & household since I left home.  Col.  Herndon, Col. Thompson, A.W. Hanger, Mr. Dean, Sullivan, Reed, Henderson are here.  Mr. Bobo was thrown from his horse on his way here & very seriously injured, so much so that Col. Herndon told me he did not think he would live.  His injury was internal.  He was throwing up blood.  It will be a great loss to Spartanburgh for Bobo & Henry both to be taken off.  They were for many years partners in law.

	The weather is delightfully cool & pleasant.  I hope you have had rain in Greenville.  Let me hear how the farm comes on, the children, the Servants, the horses, house & your plastering, & whitewashing and though last, far, very far from home, being least in my love and memory, how comes on your ladyship.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville