Letter 631
20 November 1861
Camp Butler, Va.

Dear Mamma

	As Mr. Stairley is going home in the morning, I will write you a few lines by him.  He has succeeded at last in getting his Discharge.  A great many or rather several have got discharges, while Jim Mays, Stroud, Maj. Borstell have got Furloughs.  Mr. Bramlett has also got a discharge and gone home.  I have been rather unwell for a few days past, but am getting well now.

	South Carolina seems to be in a very bad situation at present, on account of the yankee invasion.  We look with anxiety for news from Port-Royal.  The yankees according to last accounts do not seem to have begun any active measures against Charleston or the interior of the country, though I suppose it will not be long before they do.  I heard this morning that Pa had written a letter to Col. Hampton urging him to bring his Legion to So. Ca.  I wish he would carry us back, but I dont think there is [any prospect] of our returning for the Beaufort which has made application to Beauregard and has tried very hard to get off, has not been able to do so.  I think they had better send us (the cavalry) to South Carolina, for I dont think our horses can stand the winter here, particularly with the short allowance of corn we frequently get.  Every now and then we have to go a day without any corn, and we have not had a particle of Hay in several weeks.  We have eat out this whole country around and all our supplies have to be hauled from Manassas.  We are to move our present camp in a few days.  It is not much of a move as it will be only about a mile.  We will be a good deal nearer the old Bacon Race church than we are now so you can guess about where it will be.

	Dr. Jones arrived in our camp yesterday evening.  He intends staying in Va. until all prospect of a fight is over.  As to where a fight will come off there is no telling.  The Report has been for I dont know how long, that a fight would come off in a day or two, but it has not come off yet.  Yesterday it was reported that Gen. Beauregard had said there would be a fight in two days.

	Mr. Stairley is about to leave so I will have to close.  Your Affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville