Letter 172
19 December 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am almost tired to death with legislation.  For several days past we have met at ten and adjourned at 12 oclock in the nightsitting fourteen hours, with only a recess of one hour.  I am almost worn out.  Today I made a speech on a Bill concerned with Federal relations.  The question had been discussed a long time.  I tried once or twice to get the floor but did not succeed.  Some ten or fifteen had made speeches.  The question was taken and only three or four voted as I did in the negative.  I then got up and begged to have my vote recorded against the Bill & made a speech of some length which was listened to by the House with intense interest.  I felt what I said & I made the House feel.  When the ayes & noes were taken I had a majority of fifteen.  The vote stood sixty to forty five.  My four votes increased wonderfully.  It felt as I felt it take[s] a good speech.  The result showed it.  In the course of my words I replied to Campbell, who is a yanky, the son in law of Bennet.  He felt it & winced.  I told the House that I was a native of South Carolina.  General Bonham, Col. Boozer, Col. Dargan, Col. Thompson and many others came up & congratulated me on my effort & success.  The Bill was levelled at the yankys.

	I rece[ive]d an invitation to dine with Dr, Lieber tomorrow with the boys Frank & Willie.  I shall do so.  The Dr. wrote me he wished to have a fraternizing conversation with me before I left.

	Miss Calhoun & her mother sent me a message about going up with them on Saturday.  They have a carriage but not room enough to carry all the family & Miss Calhoun was going up in the stage.  I sent work I would give her a seat in my carriage.  She has returned for answer that she accepts.  Soi you need hardly look for us Sunday night.  I feel assured we shall not now be able to make the journey in two days from Fulks.  I afterwards saw Miss Martha Calhoun in the gallery.  She saw me & bowed to me but I did not speak to her as I wasan opportunity to speak.

	I have just seen Elford & he & Duncan will leave in the morning.  I will write you again by Duncan tonight.  Yours truly. B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville