Letter 444
2 December 1857
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just rece[ive]d your letter and one from Anna which I will send you.  I have to meet the Board of Trustees tonight & will write you a line before I go down.

	I have nothing special to write you except that I have just seen Alston Kayne who is on his way to Charleston with Mrs. Hayne & children.  He tells me Mrs. Hayne will increase his family, with good luck, in ten weeks.  He seems well pleased with Pendleton--says his mother spent the summer with him & her health is much improved.  He tried to get in at this Hotel, but could not.  He went to the American.  He looks rather rusticated , but is joyous & happy.  He enquired after all of you kindly & said he never heard of your mothers illness till recently.  He says he had made a fine crop.  Mr. Sharpes family have been sick.  He seemed glad that your uncle Arthur was not put in nomination for the Senate.  He expressed himself very much gratified too of the election of Hammond.  He has formed a very high estimate of Hammonds talent.

	Mrs. LeConte told me just now that she had just rece[ive]d a letter from her daughter in which she speaks of Annas saying a great deal about me & expressing her wish to be with me.

	I see Tench Carson is here going up in the morning.  Wells tells me Spartan Goodlett is beyond all hopes of recovering.  Campbell is down here & says he will stay till after commencement.

	I was in court today pretty much all day waiting for my cases in Law, but they were not reached.  I shall be there tomorrow too.  The Bank question is being discussed in the House.  Gregg, Whaley, [James M.] Gadberry & [James J.] McCarter made speeches.  McCrady has the floor for tomorrow, but sent word by Memminger that he would yield it to me.  I do not care to speak.  Nothing can be done with the Banks.  They are more powerful than the Legislature.

	Governor Manning had a long talk with [me] today about establishing a new Paper in Charleston to advocate our principles.  It has been determined on, & will be in opposition to the Charleston Mercury.

	I and John Cunningham get on very well together now.  He seems quite friendly and I supposed intended nothing but a little playful humor in his remarks to me on Sunday.

	I was in conversation with a parcel of Hammond men today & told them that theirwas not so great as Hammond was with me in giving the election of Electors to the people with me in opposing the opening of the slave trade, indifferent about a national convention, and I had no doubt would be an administration man & act with the Democratic party.

	I wish to see you & the children very much, & it will be a great pleasure to be with you a day.  I shall go home on Saturday as a great many of the members will do, & return Monday.  So I shall not be at the college commencement.  My visit home too will be an event in the routine of business here.  We will then talk over matters & things in general.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville