Letter 21
Friday night, [13 December 1844]
Columbia

My dear Wife

	I have just rece[ive]d your letter, & have not time to write much in reply.

	All day I have been engaged in the Court of Appeals.  All of my cases are soon disposed of except one which I attend to for Mr. Dean.  The result of them I know not.

	Yesterday was a day of great excitement in both Houses.    The members seemed to be crazy on the subject of the Massachusetts mission.  The House of Representatives passed a Resolution expelling Mr. [Samuel] Hoar, with but one dissenting vote (Col. [Christopher G.] Memminger).  To the Senate your husband was thew only man who opposed them.  I stood alone against the whole Senate.  And I made a most exciting speech.  They were a great many members who thought with me, but had not the boldness to act with me.  The vote has given Col. Memminger & myself quite a distinction, a minority of one.

	Mr. & Mrs. Roberts & Mr. & Mrs. Mauldin are here & will leave in the morning.  I will send this letter by them.  I suppose you will be gone to Mr. Cunninghams before I write to you again.  I hope you will take good care of yourself, the children & make Jim take care if the Horses.  When he carries you down he can return to Greenville & wait till the day before Christmasthen go back to Cunninghams & drive down mybuggy.

	If I can I will get Moore to take my old trunk up to Greenville with him.  But there is such a crowd going up that I am afraid he can not do so.

	Frank Burt has beaten Sam Earle for Treasurer.  Col. Ancrum has been elected Super Intendent of Public Works.  The Governors election comes on tomorrow.  Aikens chance is the best.

	You must write me as soon as you arrive at Mr. Cunninghams.  I shall feel very anxious to hear from you.

	I have just had a visit from old George.  He is cooking at Clarks Hotel.  Johns son Thomas also paid me a visit yesterday & enquired after his father.  Thomas appears to be a very well disposed boy & looks pretty well.  You can tell John.

	I have written you so often that I have not much to write about.  But will have more to tell you when we meet which will be the Sunday before Christmas at the farthest.

	God bless you & the dear little children.  Kiss them all for me.  How I should like to see them.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville