Letter 143
6 December 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I reced your letters by yesterdays mail & thank you kindly for them.  I also recd Annas & was truly astonished at the writing.    I had no idea that she could write so well.  Really she writes a better hand than I do myself, & I told Willie she could beat him.  I think Anna a most extraordinary little girl.  There are very few in the State who can read & write like her at her age.  Willie is the admiration of all the members & behaves like a little man.  Really he seems more like a man in his behaviour & conversation than a boy.  You say Fanny is an extraordinary little girl & I agree with you.  She is in my opinion the smoothest of all our children.  Frank will have to depend on his good looks for his success in life.  But I think he too has talents & talents enough to distinguish himself.  Like all parents our young ones are all ous.

	Last night Willie went with me to the Catholic Fair after I got through with the committee on the Penitentiary.  This was about eight oclock.  I never saw such a jam in my life.  It was indeed not decent for a lady to be there, for she was pressed in front, rear & each side, till not only the dress, but the figure of her person was changed.  The display was magnificent in every way.  In one room there were the most beautiful Tableaux vivant[s] the eye ever beheld.  Willie was en with them.  He passed through & under the crowd in a dark room till he got in front of the ladies & close to the tableaux.  There he stood for one hour looking whenever the curtain was raised.

	Today he went round to Taylors & staid there till the hour of dinner when he returned to the House & did not eat anything till 4 oclock.  I started to go with him, but met Eloise Butler & Col. Haynes little sons & I then turned back & yesterday I saw Mrs. Isaac Hayne in the Gallery & from the Hall she looked very well.  I think her features good & her face a fine one.  She looks very different from the idea I had formed of her.

	The Gallery for two days has been crowded with young ladies & they talked so much & so loud  that the doorkeeper had to hollow out three or four times Silence in the Gallery.  Mrs. Dawkins is here, Miss Thompson & Miss Pickens.

	The election of Controller General resulted today in the election of McCully.  Arthur Simpkins came to me & said on account of old associations I must vote for him after Pickens was out of the way.  I told him I had pressed my friend Col. Williams to vote for McCully.  He said Col. Williams & himself were kin & it was strange that he should be electioneering against him.

	We have not yet had any discussion in the House.  I made a few remarks yesterday on a bill which passed making it a whipping offence to sell spirits to a slave.  Tomorrow the great discussion commences on the Bank.  Col. Memminger came to me & said he wished me to hold back & not speak till the latter part of the debate, so that I might reply to the onslaught which would be made on him.

	   Tonight I am going down to meet the opponents of the Bank & arrange for the battle tomorrow.  Willie will write you a letter whilst I am gone and tomorrow I will write one to Anna.

	You need not have sent the money to pay for the shoes.  I went to look at shawls again today, but the store was full of ladies, & I deferred the inspection.

	Col. Irby says if he had known that I was going to bring Willie he would have brought his little son Jones.  Col. Ware says the same.  So next Winter I expect all the members will follow my example.  Willie has a cloth pair of pantaloons & silk vest.coat.  All fit well & he looks like a little man.  Major Henry calls him governor.  Willie says he expects Frank dreams about him at night with his eyes open.

	There are some beautiful canary birds here for sale.  Four dollars a pair & Willie is anxious to buy a pair for Anna.  They are sweet little things & I am almost tempted to do so.

	I wrote you last mail by Mr. Keith & about twelve oclock some time in Columbia.  If he did not put the letter in the Post office you were disappointed again in hearing from me.  But if you do not hear any mail you must know there has been some mistake or I am busy.

	General [James H.] Adams took me out the other day to tell me that my friends were going to run me for President of the Bank.  But I tell you all these little matters confidentially.

	I am invited to dine with the Governor tomorrow.  But it is likely I shall not be able to go.

	I must now go to meet my anti Bank friends at the State house & will leave Will at home to write you a letter.  Kiss all the children for me.  I am very impatient to see you all again.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry
Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville