Letter 411
26 September 1857
Harvard College

Dear Mamma

	I have received two letters from you this week, one of yesterday morning for which I am much obliged.  I also got a letter from Pa this morning, and one from Anna.  It is Saturday. And now nearly dinner time so I will have to stop writing directly, and finish this letter tomorrow or this evening.  You see a picture of the College at the head of this letter, which you may not recognize at first view.

	Ill write my first letters to my friends on this paper, so that [they] may have an idea of what sort of place I am at.  My letters must travel very slow, for I have written three home, & to Anna & Frank, yet you dont seem to have got but one of them.  I will write once a week, but you must tell Fannie to write, and write yourself, so that I may hear oftener than that.  Home is so far off, that I value the letters from there on account of the distance they have come.  It is now dinner time so I will close for a while.

	I have just returned from dinner, and will add a little to this letter now, and finish tomorrow (Sunday).  In my last letter, I gave all the particulars about my room, the College &c., so that I havent much to tell you.  I didnt mention in my last, anything about Pringle.  I like him very much indeed.  His father was on here a short time after you left.  He has a sister living in New-Haven.  He is in the sophomore class.

	I got the trunk of book day-before yesterday, but they came by express, and I havent heard anything of Mr. Long or Sue Hoke.  I have not been to Boston to see whether they have been at the hotel or not.  For a great many of the books I have no use, but some I am glad to have; Im glad you sent the shirts and desk.  I borrowed a key to open the latter.  Chancellor Dunkin called to see myself and the Memmingers the other day.  He was very kind, and said that I must mention he had called, and remember him to Pa, and particularly to you.  He graduated here.

	From Pas letter I see that they have re-elected the old Professors, so I suppose the students will return.  They have the students under very good government here.  I dont think there is any danger of their rebelling.

	From Annas letter she seems to be better satisfied that when she first wrote to me.  I got a letter from Jim Moore, the same day I received your first mentioning, also, the marriage of Miss Hamilton and Lamb, which must have created quite a sensation in Greenville.  The Memmingers received letters a day or two afterwards, mentioning the same thing.  [William Hayne Perry]

27 September 1857
Greenville

My dear Son

	I was in hopes to have heard from you again last night.  This is Sunday.  I shall hear from Col. Orr tomorrow & will then write you again.  I have written to the Secretary of the Navy & to Mr. Cobb the Secretary of the Treasury whom I know personally.  I have also written to Captain Blake.

	You had better see Captain Blake & consult with him about your application to the Secretary of the Navy for reexamination by the Board of Physicians in Washington.  Get him to give you a letter to the Secretary, & go up to Washington & present yourself to the Secretary & tell him you wish to be reexamined & that you think you are able to perform all the duties required of you.  By the time you reach Washington the Secretary will have recei[ve]d my letter & Col. Orrs & perhaps Mr. Cobb the Secretary of the Treasury will have seen him.  If your chest is fit for service you will be admitted & if it is not you had better not enter the Navy.  You can then return home & pursue your studies till you are educated.  When you have been thoroughly educated you can study medicine, & I will send you to Philadelphia to attend the medical Lectures.  You will make yourself a useful & great Doctor I hope.  If you prefer any other Profession when educated you shall be allowed to pursue it.

	I do not wish you to be grieved at all at what has occurred.  It is no fault of yours & we shall all be glad to see you at home.

	As soon as I hear from Col. Orr I will write you again.  I suppose you are soon enough to go to Washington by yourself.  My circuit is about commencing & I cannot possibly leave home or I would go immediately to Annapolis for you.

	Perhaps you can fall in company with someone going to Washington, who will carry you to the Secretary of the Navy.  In Washington, if you will call on Mr. Bradl[e]y or Mr. Carlyle, & tell them whose son you are either of them will assist you or if you will go to Mr. Howell Cobb Secretary of the Treasury & make yourself known he will be kind to you.  Thomas Thurston is in one of the offices in Washington.

	I will send you in my next letter a check to defray your expences home in case you have to come home.  I suppose you can come by yourself.  Bring your ticket in Washington to Weldon and at Weldon purchase one to Columbia.  Come home by Charlotte, the same rout[e] that you went.

	Consult with Mr. Miller & get him to assist you and advise you as to your action in all things.  Perhaps you might get Mr. Miller to go with you to Washington.

	Since writing this letter Col. Pickens who will be elected to the United States Senate in the place of Judge Butler has been in my office and given me a letter of introduction for you to the Secretary of the Navy.  You take it & give it to Mr. Yancey &perhaps he will admit you.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Frank Perry
Annapolis, Maryland