Letter 669
30 October 1863
Camp Near Culpepper

Dear Ma

	I will write you a few lines today to let you know how I am getting on.  I have not received a letter from any of you since the 11th which was the date of the last one written by Pa.  My last letter was written just after we had come back from our last expedition when Lee advanced on [George Gordon] Meade.  Since that time we have been quiet, and are now located exactly where we were camped for a long time last winter, and I hope we may be allowed to remain here for some time enjoying quiet.  All we have to do now is to picket along the Rappahanock.  Our Brigade during the absence of Gen. Butler is commanded by Gen. Young who was promoted the other day.  He is a nephew or some relation to E.P. Jones, but notwithstanding is a very good officer and a very gallant one.  I have heard that Jno. Jones is on his staff.  Butler Thompsons son Waddy is one of his orderlies.  It was reported the other day that Gen. Butler had been assigned to the command of a Brigade of Cavalry on the Coast of S.C. and that our Regiment was to be sent there in exchange for Aikens Reg. which would be sent out here.  We were all very much elated at the idea, but it seems to have been only a rumor, for we have heard nothing further of it.  Perhaps it is just as well for us to remain here, for though we have more fighting to do, and are so far from home still we have good health which we might not have there.  Wiley reached me several days ago, with my overcoat & clothes.  I am very much pleased with the coat, which I think will do me good service this winter.

	Another detachment has gone home for horses, among them Blythe, Cooley, Goodlett & Willingham from our company.  If you should have a chance I want you to send me by some of these men or by some one a bushel or so of dried fruit and two or three gallons of homemade molasses.  I would not like to bother any of them with a box, but perhaps they may be bringing on a box for themselves and might put these things along with theirs or two boxes would not be much more bother than one at any rate.  The fruit Wiley brought was a great treat, as was also a canteen of molasses which he brought.

	How are my horses getting along.  Mention them in every letter.

	I will close as I have nothing to write.  Give my love to all. Your Aff[ectionate] Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville