Letter 284
4 May 1854
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just finished dressing & it is only six oclock in the morning.  We breakfast at eight.  I therefore have two hours of leisure and will spend a portion of the time writing you a letter.

	Yesterday morning was very busy preparing for an argument in Court.  There is another case which will come up today & for which I also have to prepare.  Last night after receiving your letter, I had to attend the meeting of the Board of Trustees & could not answer it as I desired to do.

	I was glad to hear you were so well & so well pleased with your rooms & house.  I suppose Fanny and Hayne are equally well satisfied .  I received no letters last evening from home.  But Col. Townes came down  and reported that all were well so far as he knew.  He tells me they had quite a may day celebration in Greenville.

	Fannys cloak & your comb are both safe in my possession

	Last night I was appointed chairman of the general committee to whom all the business of the Board of Trustees was referred &it will be a serious labor to consider & report on all the matters referred to us.  Governor Means, Mr. DeSaussure & [C.P.] Sullivan are members of the committee.  The Board meet again next Monday when I shall have to have my reports ready.  Our committee meet tomorrow evening to consider & dispose of the business.  The next morning I go down to General Adams & stay till Monday morning.  I still have to write out my reports there.

	Next Wednesday the law students are examined & I am on that committee.  It will therefore be out of my power to return to Greenville before Thursday next and about that time my cases in the law court of appeals will be reached.  So all my movements as to Greenville & Charleston are uncertain.  I think it probable however that I shall not be able to return to Greenville till you do.  You can spend all of your money in a couple of weeks & exhaust our credit at  & Wickenberys.

	Look at the carriage & write me what you think of it.

   	Chancellor Johnson saw me at the Post office after receiving your first letter & enquired about you.  I repeated to him your conclusion good bye notwithstanding the Virginia lady  which amused him greatly.  I sent your letter, with a few lines written on it to Anna, the evening I rece[ive]d it, without thinking of that expression.

	I hope you are enjoying yourself with your friends and that they admire the admissible pre[page torn]tion in which they find you as young in appearance as when you were married.  I hope too they admire Fannys sweet bright face & lovely complexion & the noble appearance of Master Hayne.  Our children are a fine specimen of the cross between the mountains & the seashore.

	If I were not so busy I could spend my time very pleasantly here.  But I have to work sop much & so constantly that I have no time for conversationhave not been in the drawing room since you left.  Governor Manning has carried me up to his room three evenings after dinner where we spend our time very pleasantly.  Col. Watts, Col. Herndon, Governor Means, Col. W. Thompson, General McGowan &c. have been of the company.

	Last night the Trustees had to act on a case of suspension of two students for passing a challenge to fight.  One of them was Albert Rhetts son, the son of my old friend Sally Taylor.  The other was by the name of [John Charles] McClenaghan.  They were both restored to college.  Mrs. Rhett has taken a house near the college to educate her son & was greatly mortified at the circumstance.

	I have now written you a long letter, too long for you to read with any interest I am afraid.  But I do not know when I shall be able to write you again.

	Be careful about the smallpox on account of the infant who is not vaccinated.  I hope God will protect you & the children---begin to wish[page torn]all very much & to see you all[page torn].  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston