Letter 20
Wednesday night, [11 December 1844]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just received your letter written Sunday night.  Major Butler goes up to Greenville in the morning & has promised to carry this letter for me.  I have therefore deferred writing to you till I could answer your letter by tonights mail.

	I am glad to hear you & the children are all well and the servants and animals are all getting on well.  You have before this time received my permission to go to Mr. Cunninghamsso you are well pleased on that subject.  But really I think you are going to make them a visitation with your children, servants & horses.  You had better send Jim with one of the horses back & when he returns for you he can drive my horse and buggy and lead the horse behind the buggy.

	I have no doubt you will be well pleased at the election of Butler over Elford.  They are both deserving the office.

	I will send Susans watch by Butler.  He did not let me know he was going until this evening & I have had no opportunity of sending anything.  The box I brought down I sent to Charleston by Elford who promised to carry it to Mrs. Hayne.  Elford told me that he & Spark are second cousins.

	I saw Col. [Lawrence M.] Keitt this evening & he enquired very kindly after cousin Susan & her daughter.  Mrs. Keitt is with him.  They are on a visit to her niece.  Chancellor Harper enquired very kindly after Anne the other day.

	I can not give you any more particulars than I have as to the death of Mr. Hayne.  Col. Taylor has gone down.  I suppose his family were all present.  His death is indeed a loss to his family & also to your mother.  It would be proper for your mother about her Bonds &c in his hands.  If it is necessary I will go to Charleston for her.  She must write to me.

	Tomorrow I am to make my speech on giving the election of Electors to the people.  I have already spoken several times & I think I did pretty well.  I feel some anxiety about my speech tomorrow.  There is very little to do in the Senatenot one half that is done in the House nor is there one half of the speaking.

	A resolution was introduced today for the Legislature to adjourn on Monday the 16th.  This will interfere with our spending Christmas at Cunninghams.  But I do not think the resolution will be agreed [on].  I have no idea that they will adjourn before Friday the 20th.

	I will send you the gift for 1845 by Butler containing Simms Greenville Story.  Moore & Lester will return to Greenville next Sunday night and I will send my old trunk up by them with some books in it &c.  They are to be examined tomorrow.

	You need not talk to me about home.  There is no place in the world so sweet as home with your wife & children.  And how I should like to be there tonight.  God bless youkiss the children.  I have a sore throat & cold.  Yours &c, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville