Letter 78
7 June 1847
Spartanburgh

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines by Mr. & Mrs. Thompson who go to Greenville in the morning though I have nothing worth telling you.  But you requested me to write when I was about starting & I will do so.

	I hope you & the children are all well & doing well in my absence.  How long I shall be detained here is very doubtful, perhaps till Friday.  Two of my cases have been continued, & the other is at the foot of the Dockett.  You must postpone your contemplated event till I return home.  Next week is the proper time.  I will then be at home.  But I should not regret my return to find you well & an additional member of the family in this happy world.

	I have been fortunate in seeing today one hundred dollars of Major Henry as a part of my costs in the case of Croft vs. Thomas.  This was rather better luck than I expected when I left home, for I remember saying to you I should not receive a dollar.

	Chancellor Caldwell is presiding & it is his second circuit since his election to the Bench.  I am much pleased with him as a Judge.  He is very kind & civil & sufficiently learned to make a good chancellor.  Col. Herndon & Mr. Young are the only lawyers here from the adjoining districts except General Thompson & myself.

	Mrs. Thompson says her health is very much improved from her short visit to the Glenn Springs.  Miss McClanahan, daughter of Sam McClanahan of Greenville, took the first honor at the Lexington school the other day, a good medal worth ten or twenty dollars for the first composition.  This will fill Sam with joy.  There were thirty competitors.

I see Mr. Tench Carson here.  He looks quite gray.

	I saw the Dantzellers on Sunday expecting to get dinner.  You know I  refused to carry everything with me to eat.  I saw a good many persons in the House & enquired if Dantzeller was at home.  They informed me that he was a corpse in the house & had died that morning!  I rode on without dinner to this place.

	I have enclosed an editorial notice of the Spartanburgh Paper on the Southern Quarterly which I am sure you will read with pleasure as it contains a compliment to your husband.

	I met the family of Mr. William Elliot here on Sunday evening at supper but though they were some of the ordinary borders till they had gone the next day.  They are certainly very ordinary looking.  I sat opposite to them & thought they were theof some shop keepers.

	Old Mr. Parker enquired about your mother today & said your uncle John McColl married a very near relation of his, a Miss Lesesne (Lesayne). This is all news to me.

	Look for me about Friday.  Good night & kiss the children.  Yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville