Letter 415
4 October 1857
Harvard College

Dear Anna

	I received your letter yesterday morning, and have just time now to begin to answer it, as today is Sunday, and I will have to go to the Chapel soon to attend service.  Our Chaplain is of the Unitarian denomination and most of the Faculty are of the same denomination, that is they dont believe that the son is equal to the Father.  But I dont think they will convert me, as I generally get about half asleep during the service, particularly in the evening.  I would go regularly to sleep, but they are so strict here, they would have me up before the Faculty if I did.  You certainly have enough of Church, if you have to go once a day, but then you dont have to go to recitation, which is worst than Church.

	You must be having a dull vacation.  I have heard of Franks fate.  It is a great disappointment indeed, but no doubt is all for the best.  He would have had a hard life in the navy, from what I hear of it.  Besides, as you say, it is no disgrace, as it was none of his fault.  It would have been worse if the Academical board had rejected him.

	I received a letter from him yesterday and one from Ma, who Takes it very hard.  I have just written to her, and given her as much comfort as possible.  I received a letter from Pa, who thinks he will let Frank graduate at Furman University, and then study medicine, which I think is a great deal better for Frank.

	I will now stop until after Church, when I will finish, if I have anything more to write you.

	I went to church, and have just returned from dinner.  You must get crowds of letters.  I got three yesterday and thought that I had got a great many for one mail.  Give my love to Miss Helen Harrington. And Particularly to Miss Jennie.  You must not think that I make a regular habit of going to the theatre.  The Memmingers and myself only go now and then for variety.  You know we ought to have some recreation after studying hard all the week.

	When we want exercise, we walk over to Boston, which is three miles and a half, which is a pretty good walk.  We walked over yesterday.  And I feel pretty good from the effects of it.  I hear that Frank Coxe has gone to Philadelphia to College.  Bill Beattie has gone back to the V[irgini]a University.  Wes Cary has gone home.  So I expect Greenville is dull; I would like to be there a while though, at any rate.

	It is about time for me to close.  I will stop in New-York, on my way home, and buy you some of the best candy that I can find.

	Keep to your promise, and write to me quickly.   Your affectionate brother, B.F. Perry.

P.S. Give me all the Greenville news, of which you ought to have a good deal, as you correspond with so many girls.

Miss Anna Perry
Sr. Marys Hall
Burlington, N.J.

8 October 1857
Greenville

My dear Son

	Your letter last night filled our hearts with gladness.  Your mother was afraid to open the letter fearing that you were rejected again.  I opened it & read it to her that you had been rejected by the Academic Board.  But there was something in myonce which contradicted the reading.  You dont know how much gratified your mother is.  If you had been rejected I think she would not have cared to see you in Greenville.  You must return our thanks a hundred times to Mr. Miller who has been a true friend of yours.  You ought to be proud to have such a friend & value him through life.

	We are all anxious to receive the long letter you promised giving an account of your visit to Washington & examinations.  I hope the letter may come tonight.

	You must now choose a clever, good boy for your roommate & study hard & distinguish yourself in your class.  Be kind to every one of your associates but keep out of bad company.  Be careful to observe all the laws & regulations of the school.  Obey your teachers in everything.

	You must write us as often as you can & tell us all about the school, the students, the teachers, your studies, the fare &c. &c.

	Settle up with Mrs. Green & purchase the things you need & put the rest of your money in bank to be kept for you.

	I have told Col. Hoke, Dr.  Croft, Mr. Elford, Dr. Hoke and a great many others that you were a Midshipman.  I am sorry for poor little Lane who was rejected.  I thought he looked like a good Boy & was pleased with him.  Did you become acquainted with him?

	Fannie says that she told the little girls at school you were admitted & they said they were sorry, for they wanted to see you back in Greenville.  Matilda almost cried when she heard you were rejected.

	You must write to us all [that] the Secretary of the navy said to you, & what Mr. May said, & did for you.

	We are all well.  Arthur is pretty near well.  He walked about over the room yesterday for the first time in two months.  Hayne is as fat as a pig.  Hext is going to school & learns well.  Your mother spends a good deal of her time in writing to Anna, Willie & you.  I am very busy in my office preparing for Court as this is return week.  My Clients have come in now & I must conclude.  Your affectionate father, B.F. Perry

Frank Perry
Annapolis