Letter 346
9 December 1855
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter last night & was glad to hear you were all well.  I was in hopes you had seen Susan Hoke & that she had told you all about her visit to Columbia.

	I have seen Edward several times & I have also seen Mr. Antwerp.  Edward looks very well & dresses finely.  He seems well pleased & Antwerp expresses himself pleased with Edward.  I told him that he had not improved him as he agreed to do.  He said he would pay more on account of it.  He is to make me an offer for the next year by letter at Christmas.

	Willie came back last night.  He said Mr. Cain met them at theHouse & took charge of Anna.  He went to see all of his relatives in Charleston.  Anna wishes the Southern Patriot sent to her.  Tell Elford to send it.

	The bundle you sent Anna came safely by Peter although I had not known it till Willie told me last evening.

	The letter of Miss Sparks was inclosed to me & I gave it to Susan Hoke open.

	This is a great day.  Willie has been to church, but I have been in my room all day reading the equity report.

	I have purchased two beautiful oil paintings as large as portraits in fineframes representing Scotch scenes for twenty dollars.  I will send them up by Willie.  I dont know when he will go up, as he wishes to stay a day or two & listen to the debates.

	Pinkney {Pinckney] went home Saturday & did not let me know.  He says his wife is sick.  I am sorry I cannot go home occasionally.  It would be a great pleasure.  A great many of the members are gone today.  They went yesterday & return tomorrow.

	I made another speech yesterday on the Judiciary in reply to General McGowan.  The Bill was defeated but we will try it again tomorrow.

	The ladies here are gone, & the Hotel seems quite deserted.  We shall probably adjourn the 19th Wednesday.  Willie is now in the room with me, reading a novel.  He has no news from Charleston.  I suppose you have heard from Anna by Miss  She went to see Mrs. Eliza Hayne but none of the rest of them.

	I went up to the toy shop yesterday and looked over the pretty things.  Ask Frank, Fannie, Hext & Hayne what I must bring them.

	I broke my key this morning in my trunk & cannot get into the trunk again till tomorrow.  Bad luck with my trunk.

	I will go & see Mrs. Adams next Tuesday if I have time.

	In great haste.  I long to be at home again with my dear Liz & the children.  Hereafter I will never stay from you more than two weeks or you will have to go with me.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville