Letter 339
30 November 1855
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I received your letter this morning & also one from Willie & a line from Frank.  After reading your letter I went down to the State House to meet my committee, but the members did not attend & I have returned to write you a letter.

	You must think me very foolish to suppose I am going to interfere in legislating on the subject of temperance.  I have always & uniformly expressed myself decidedly opposed to the Moi Liquor law.  I Am glad to see the cause of temperance& am sure it does good.  But I am not for legislating in that way.

	I am sorry Frank will be disappointed in not coming with Willie & Anna, but he may come down if Col. OHanlon insists on it when I see him.  I should like to see you all tomorrow.  It is very probable I may come up next Saturday & stay Sunday if we have no pressing business before the House.  Frank may then come down & stay with Col. OHanlon till his school commences.  Next session we will engage a family room & parlor or rent a house as General martin does.

	I saw Col. Preston Brooks today on his way to Washington.  He begged me to write him & said there was not a man in South Carolina whom he regarded higher or whose good opinion he valued more. This was said in front of Taber & he must have heard it.

	By the by General Bonham tells me that young Brooks and Miss Mary Adams are engaged to be married.  He said it was pretty conclusive from what she said to him the evening we dined with the Governor.

	Col. Evans the district attorney has been very cordial to me & speaks with great pleasure of Greenville.  He goes in the morning & will return Monday.

	My commentaries on Boyces speech have been highly complimented by a good many persons.

	You say I must write you every day.  I have scarcely a moment to spare to do anything.  I am so much engaged I have not time to converse with my friends & acquaintances.

	The Judiciary Bill has been under discussion today & will be again tomorrow.  It is expected that I will say something on the subject & I must now close my letter & prepare some notes.  Your affectionate Husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville