Letter 625
8 September 1861
Camp Griffin, Va.

Dear Mamma

	I have received several letters from home lately and will now write you a few lines.

	Since I last wrote you Pa has been here and has by this time returned home and given you some account of how we are getting on here in Camp.  He visited our Camp and saw us under very disadvantageous circumstances.  It was raining all the time he was here and our encampment was very muddy.  Pa bought me a tent in Richmond, but I have not received it yet.  I suppose it is at the junction by this time, and I will probably go up tomorrow and get it.  It will be very acceptable, for the tents we have leak very badly, while wall tents such as he has bought me keep perfectly dry.  Mr. Westfield has one, and he has room a plenty I have been staying in a tent with him and Ed Stokes.  You said in one of your letters that you had two good blankets which you would send to me if I needed them.  I think if you have a good opportunity you had better send them on, as I will no doubt need them when the weather gets cooler.  I hope they are colored ones.  The Blackberry wine and jam that you sent on has not come to hand.  It I suppose was in the box of Mrs. Williams which has not come to hand.

	Since Pa left our Cavalry has had a slight touch of something bordering on war.  Maj. Butler took 25 men from each company making 100 men, in which number I was, and we went to within about 8 miles of Alexandria and surprised two posts where the enemy had pickets.  We took one prisoner at the first post and two at the second.  I was among the first in the charge, and though there was not much danger in reality, we expected some.  The enemys pickets ran into the woods.  I took a gun, an overcoat, and a haversack, but we were obliged to give up the articles we took.  The guns have been retained by the government, the other things were given back to us, but somebody got possession of my overcoat, and I have not succeeded in finding it yet.  The Haversack I still have.  A good many guns, some 8 or 10 were taken by us.  Besides the 3 soldiers we took a free negro and a white man and two ambulances and horses.  The white man was driving the ambulance, and when he saw us coming he jumped out, and took to the woods, but we caught him, and have sen[t] him and the negro, and the 3 pickets to Headquarters at Manassas, and I suppose have now been sent on to Richmond.  The negro was a suspected character, which was the reason of our taking him.  He lived a little this side of the pickets.  The second ambulance was taken at the first picket.  Ive returned and camped all night at Pohick church about 12 miles from Alexandria and 15 miles from our Camp.  The church was built by Washington and was the one he worshiped in.  It is about 6 miles from Mount Vernon.    We slept in it all night and came back to Camp next day.  We took nothing with us on the trip except a blanket, 2 days horse feed, and some provisions for ourselves in our haversacks.  It was raining when we started and rained all day.  We seem always to make our marches in wet weather.  When we galloped down to the camp-fire where the pickets were posted I had my pistol cocked and just as I got there it went of[f].  I thought at the moment that some of the enemy had shot at from the woods on the opposite side of the road, and turned to shoot in return.  Fortunately it did not hurt me, only the powder burnt my finger very slightly.  We will probably have another expedition very soon.  We went within 2 miles of Mt. Vernon and in sight of the Potomac.

	The red flannel drawers and undershirts will be very acceptable.   I think Mr.  has sent on the money raised forby the concert.  And a vote of thanks has been voted to your society and the young ladies Concert by the Troop.

	I have I believe all the papers you sent me, and am very glad to see them.  When I say I see no papers I mean Richmond papers by which we get the latest news.

	I will now close.  I hope Pa has got home safe and in good health.  He was rather unwell when he left me, but he said nothing about it in the letter he wrote me from Richmond, so I suppose he had got over it.  Give my love to Grandma, Aunts Susan & Anne and to Fannie, Annie, Hext, Vardry, Aleck and all.  I was very glad to hear from Vardry.  Tell Hext I am very sorry I could not send him the gun I took the other day.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. Mr. Boggs went up to the 4th Regiment the other day and so I got the paper signed that Pa left here.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville