Letter 18
8 December 1844
Columbia

My dear Wife
	I rece[ive]d your letter this evening.  It gave me more pleasure than any I had rece[ive]d from you.  In it you spoke like yourself & seems to have your reason restored.  Butin several of your last letters you seem to be crazy on the subject of going of going to Miss Cunningham as if a pressing invitation from Pamela was a matter of so much consequence when you might know she expected to return your visit next summer.  Nor is a journey down there at that season of the year any very trifling affair.

	Still I think a little recreation would be of service to you & the children.  I have no doubt you would enjoy a short visit there very much.   And I desire you to go, provided the weather is good.  But do not think of travelling in bad weather.  Select your time, & start some day when the weather is settled.  You can go Thursday or Friday if you see proper. Jim can return home & bring down my Buggy.  I shall be at Laurens Court House Sunday 22nd in the morning. It may be that the Legislature will adjourn before that day, or rather so that I may be there sooner.  But this is uncertain.  We will fix on that day.  You can make Jim return by that time.  I do not wish to stay longer than three days at Cunninghams, nor will I.  If you go down there it will be out of the question for you to leave Cunninghams  before I come for you.  They will not let you.

	The election for governor is over.  Aiken is elected after five lotterys.  He gave a treat this evening after his electionbut it was not equal to yours.

       I have been writing to a great many of my constituents, some of whom have been hereMajor Berry, Col. Brockman, Major Goodlett, Blassingham, Whitten, Col. Boston, Dr. Crook, Dr. Irvine, Alleier Barrett & others.  I have sent documents to a good many--so you see I am following your advice.

       	I met Governor Richardson the other day who said to me he did not know I was old enough to be in the Senate.  Every one compliments me on my appearanceso I think I must be getting younger.

       Mr. Wells has not sent one of my letters or if he did he has bot published it.  The letter containing the second & third days proceedings of the Legislature in which I mentioned Col. Maybins Hotel &c.

       I was disappointed in sending my trunk by last stage as it was full & Moore did not go up in the stage.  I hope you have seen Mr. & Mrs. Mauldin & Mr. & Mrs. [page torn] them whilst here.

       I am glad to hear Will becomes better than hew did.  I have not yet purchased the presents.

       Whenever I look sat Col. McWillie I am reminded of Frank.  They look very much alike.

       Col. Ware, Duncan & Walker are all well.  I have no further news

	God bless you & the children.  Good night, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville