Letter 138
Thursday night, 15 November 1849
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I received your letter this morning & thank you kindly for it though I wish you had said more about the children.  In writing to me always let the first topics be yourself, and children, the servants & HorsesThen our friends & neighbors &c.

	I have recd since writing to you a letter & package from Mrs. Cunningham enclosing a bay to you.  I will enclose her letter, which I broke open thinking it was directed to myself.  The Bay is a beautiful one & I wish I could send it to you immediately.

	It is possible that I may be at home Saturday evening.  I have tried only one of my cases, which I gained, Nashe vs Rodgers for land.  We are now trying another one of mine, Hudgens vs Kennedy.  The case of Dr. Anderson & Neeley has been postponed for want of time.  The case of Dillard vs Philsen I am afraid cannot be reached and if I find that out tomorrow I will leave here Saturday morning.

	The woman has been convicted of manslaughter for killing the mistress of her husband.  It was a shocking case.  The parties were all poor & unprincipled.  It took place in Mr. Cunninghams neighborhood.

	I am sorry forSimmons & it is a pity that such a man should not have more sense.  It seems hard that that some men should be placed in this world, wholly unfitted for it.

	I hope H. Judge Moore will do better in Charleston than he did in Greenville.  I am afraid that Miss Trott will find that she wants something more than Moore to keep her pleasantly tattling through life & the world.

	I am sorry too for Mrs. Power.  She never will be happy from her husband & perhaps never happy with him.  Poor woman deserves a better fate but no doubt her own imprudence has in some way influenced her destiny.

	I was greatly shocked yesterday in seeing a friend of mine. Griffin Williams, the brother of Col. Williams looking very bad & ascertaining that he had separated from his wife.  The cause no one knows.  He is a gentleman & an amiable man.  His wife was a young, & a fine lady.  They have children & a large fortune and are young people.
	My friend Nance was here as a witness in court.  He is a good fellow & I like him much.

	Kiss the children for me & believe me yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville