Letter 214
15 December 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am now in the State House writing to you amidst the confusion & noise of threw members.  Last night I recd a letter from you, but you had recd none from me since writing your previous letter,  I have written you a half dozen letters unacknowledged.

	We had quite an achievement here last night about twelve oclock.  I made a speech on the Blue Ridge rail road, which had a happy effect, & with Mr. Trenholm of Charleston carried that great measure most beautifully.  It is generally conceded that we changed the decision of the House.  I intend to write out my speech on that subject.  We did not adjourn till midnight.  On returning to the Hotel I recd your letter.  There was also a note from Gen. Thompson saying that his wife was delivered of a noble boy & she was doing well, & requesting that I would telegraph the glad tidings to Wilmington, N.C.    The note was written to Mr. Duncan.  I suppose he hardly knew what it was about.

	Your Box is a very large one & I do not know what I shall do with it.  If it gets wet on the stage it might be ruined.  It cannot come up in the carriage.  I must however do the best I can with yourclothing.  I am afraid if Elford & Brockman were to see it they would think of that as they did about the sugar.

	I must now conclude my letter & go into the Senate to electioneer for the Blue Ridge Rail Road.

	I shall be at home Saturday evening.  Your affectionate husband &c, B.F. Perry

	The Hotel.  5 oclock pm.  I have just taken dinner & will add a line before I go back to the State House.  I had sealed my letter.  Nothing however has happened during the day except I have been very much complimented for my speech last night on the Blue Ridge Rail Road Bill.  General McGowan, Mr. Gourdin, Mr. Trenholm and many others said I spoke very handsomely & carried the House against the previous& judgement.  The President of the George Town Bank said, that Mr. [Charles Alexander] Thornwell, a member of the Legislature, & brother of the President of the college, pointed to me today & said that whom shunned two years ago by all politicians as death, & now sir he has more influence in this House than any now on the floor & is more courted by the politicians and aspirants.

	I have to go back to the State House.  If anything special is heard from Anna tonight I will write you again.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville