Letter 133
Tuesday, June [18]49
Spartanburgh

My dear Liz

	I will avail myself of the opportunity of writing to you by Mr. Choice whop returns to Greenville this morning.

	It is likely I may return myself tomorrow.  The case of Dr. Bivins & Col. Leitner has been postponed & another case in which I am concerned will be disposed of today.  Unless I am employed in some new business I shall have nothing to detain me longer.  I hope to see today some persons who were to settle fees with me at this court.  One on them I saw yesterday and recd from him sixty two dollars.

	I found poor Delia in a hopeless situation.  She sent word immediately on my arrival that she wished to see me.  She was dreadfully emaciated & unable to get out of bed.  I could not help shedding tears when she enquired affectionately after you & the children.  How long she may linger I am unable to say.  It is some consolation to know that she is with her mother & will not be neglected on her death bed.

	It is a sad sight to see one sinking gradually into an unknown eternity & reflect that they have to give up life and this world and all ties which bind us to life.

	Chancellor Dunkin is presiding & he enquired after you & your mother very kindly.  I stopped at Mrs. Dantzellers for dinner on Sunday.  She asked about you & whether you had altered or changed much.  She said I had not at all since the first time she saw me, twenty two years sincethat I looked as well now as I did then.  I told her you were as young & as good looking as you were when you were married at seventeen.  I also told her & Judge Dunkin the mistake {page torn] client who took you [page torn] daughter.

	Mrs. Dantzeller enquired whether all of my children were as good looking as Willie.  I think I shall have to carry Frank with me on the circuit.

	I hope Fanny is better & that you are all well.  I have just heard of the death of General McDuffie.  It is well for him as he had outlived his mind and strength.  Mrs. Singleton is also dead.

	I must conclude, yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville