Letter 323
2 February 1855
Greenville

My dear Anna

	Your letters to your mother have been a source of great satisfaction to all of us.  We all look forward with interest to hearing from you, & feel disap[p]ointed  when we do not every two or three days.  But we know your time is so much taken up with your studies that you cannot write as often as you otherwise would.

	I will endeavour to arrange so that I can go down for you the first of April.  Write when your vacation is.  I wish to be in Charleston at the great Fair on the 11th of April.

	Enclosed I send you five dollars to purchase paper & such things as you desire.

	In all matters I wish you to conform to all the rules & regulations of your school & pursue your studies diligently and be a good girl.  You must remember that at home you have not been under much restraint.  It will be of service to you, in all after life to learn to be systematic in your conduct & business.  It will be of great service too to learn to be governed & restrained & not have your own way.  When you return home your mother will have less trouble in managing you, as you will have become accustomed to be governed.

	I have directed the Patriot to be sent you regularly & if you do not receive it, the fault is at the Post office in Charleston.

	Your mother has written you all the news.  The Female College here will open shortly & they have a prospect of getting a gentleman highly competent to take charge of the school.

	We are all pleased with our new carriage driver Wiley, & he is a very good looking & sensible & well disposed servant.    Your mother likes too the Barouche which I purchased in Charleston.

	Your little acquaintances here are all well, and enquire about you.  They will be glad to see you on your return in April.  How long is your vacation?

	Willie & Frank commence their college studies next week, & I shall be very glad to have them at school once more.  They are running wild.  Willie hauls wood from the farm & Frank stays every night at your aunt Susans.  Fanny goes to school.  Hext is playing about the yard & visiting the stables.  Hayne is a prisoner in the house this cold weather.  The little fellow is delighted to go with me over the house.  He is learning to walk & will be able to meet you at the door when you return.  Your  affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Miss Anna Perry
Charleston