Letter 3
Monday morning, 28 November 1842
Columbia

My dear Liz
	I have just finished dressing & taken my seat to write you a few lines before breakfast as I do not expect to have time to write afterwards before the mail is closed.  I hope you wrote me yesterday & will add a Postscript today.
	We reached Columbia yesterday evening, all safe, after a pleasant journey down, with the exception of an accident which had like to have been a very serious affair.  The second day after leaving Greenville we were disappointed in getting lodging at the house where we expected to stay & had to drive two miles further in the dark of the evening.  I had taken a seat with Judge Earle & his boy was driving my horse & buggy.  In passing through a drove of hogs which had been to water, in the lane & in front of the House where we were going to stay, one of the hogs ran under the heels of his horses & frightened them.  They ran up the hill & we thought their scare was over.   But whilst enquiring about lodgings one of the horses commenced kicking, plunging, wheeling round &c.  The other horses were all behind & became alarmed also & manifested a disposition to join in the frolic.  It was then quite dark.  I sprung out of the Judges buggy & ran to my horses lead & made Edward go to hold the Judges horses, one of which was kicking at a most terrible rate all the time.  Col. Cox unloosed his horses from the carriage just in time.  In order to get my horse out of the way I drove through a gate & I had scarcely got through when the Judges buggy & horse & two or three men who were trying to hold his horse made a dash at the place I had just left.  Had I not been out of the way we should have had a general crash.  After some time a half dozen men succeeded in getting the horses extricated from the carriages.  But the frightened horses was not satisfied but continued to kick, came very near giving Sam Earle a blow which might have made another widower in Mrs. Harrisons family.  Col. Cox received a severe kick on his hand.  Judge Earle came out safe.  The carriage considerably injured, the horse badly crippled.  I thought at one time we should have a general runaway.  The next morning the Judge got a new horse & mended his carriage.  We all came on safely.

	We had some fine dinners on the road out of the provision we carried with us.  Judge Early provided the corn pound cake & ginger bread is so much more pleasant eating on the road side than stopping at a House for dinner.

	I hope you & the children are all doing well.  I talked to Judge Earle so much about the pleasure we derive from a wife & children that we believe he seriously returned  He regretted his situation very much & said he had nothing but a dreary & gloomyfull of suffering & misery.

	I saw Col. Martin last night.  He says they are all well.  I have not yet seen Mr. Hayne.  There are ten or fifteen candidates for secretary of State.  I have never seen so much electioneering.  I feel happy that I am not a member.  The old members are all expressing to me great regret that I am not a member.

	I have a room with Mr. Burt, but he has not yet arrived.  In it there is [a] fine chest of drawers and locked.  I supposed they were empty & took out my bunch of keys to try to unlock them.  I found a key & unlocked them, when behold, instead of being empty, contained a ladys wardrobe!  All the paraphernalia of a females dress with a great many et ceteras.  I was reminded of the story of I had got into forbidden ground & locked up the drawers & put the keys back in my pocket.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville