Letter 74
13 May 1847
Columbia

My dear Liz

	The rail road convention adjourned last evening, & I now have time to write you, which I had not before.

	I recd your letter last night & thank you kindly for it, but.you know too well my deep feelings of love & affection for you & the childrenanxious to hear from you every mail.

	Your letter was handed to me as I was starting last night at nine oclock to see Mr. Webster at Col. Prestons.  I stopped a read it here & then again this morning.    The Party at Prestons was a magnificent one.  Mrs. Preston took my arm & carried me to Mrs. Webster & gave me an introduction.  Mrs. Webster is a very tall masculine & intellectual looking woman about forty five, dresses very fine & has no children.  I had no opportunity of talking to her, as she was engaged in conversation with some one when I was introduced.  Mrs. Preston enquired about you & why you did not come with me to Columbia.  She said she regretted that she did not hear you were here last winter that she would have called to see you &c &c.

	Mr. Webster looked very much pleased at his reception.  I told him I was happy to see him in South Carolina & he thanked me very politely.   He made a short speech to the college Boys from Col. Prestons Portico.  They had illuminated the college & formed a torch light procession.  The Judges were all present.  The supper was a magnificent display of strawberries & ice creams, wines of every description.  I never before saw such a quantity of Strawberries.

	Dr. Lieber gives a party tonight & I have recd a written invitation.  The governor gives a dinner tomorrow at 5 oclock & has sent me an invitation done up in most beautiful style.  They have a Ball tomorrow night to which I am not invited, but can invite myself by paying five dollars.

	Judge ONeall has been elected President of the Rail Road companyMcBee, Coleman & Kilgore directors for Greenville.  We had quite an interesting meeting.  On my motion Col. Preston made a most magnificent speech to the convention at night.  Mr. Poinsett, Col. Elmore & many other distinguished men were at the convention.

	I forgot to mention that I saw Mrs. Poinsett last night at Col. Prestons.  She enquired most kindly after you & the children.  I told her I had just rece[ive]d a letter from you in which you stated you had been out to her residence after Strawberries, but found none.  She said she was very sorry to hear the vines were not bearing.  They go to Greenville on Monday.  I have just recd a valuable present from Col. Summer of some hundred fifty volumes of Congressional booksExecutive documents &c &c.  They are all bound & very large works, & will fill a large book case from top to bottom.  It will be a large addition to my Library.  He bought them with the printing office & has no use for them.

	I saw Judge Butlers little daughter at Col. Prestons.  She told me that she was looking for her Father to come after herthat she was well pleased with Columbia but liked Greenville much better.  She seems very grave & sedate, as much as her grandfather Hayne.

	Mr. Webster has just been into the court of Appeals where I saw him sitting on the bench with the Judges & a great crowd in the court house to see him.