Letter 611
30 June 1861
Petersburg, Va.

Dear Papa

	You have no doubt heard before this how Ed Stokes and myself got left by the Company in Columbia.  They started three quarters of an hour at least before the time they had appointed for starting and the consequence was that although we got back to the Depot long before the right time, we found that we were left.  The Captain did not call the roll before starting, as he should have done: had he done so he would have discovered our absence.  Finding that we were left, we determined to get ahead of the company, so we saw Col. Hampton who gave us a passport, and we took the 2 oclock train on the S.C. R. Road and came by Wilmington to this place which we reached at 4 oclock this morning and found ourselves ahead of the Company, which has not yet come on.  It is expected some time during the course of today.  In the meantime we are doing very well; and are willing to wait.  Wiley went on with the train and will take care of my horse.  Stokes had intended waiting for the Company at Weldon and did wait there several, but it was such an unpleasant place that we concluded to come on to this placePetersburg.  We are to take it by horseback from here to Richmond.  Dick Jacobs overtook us at Weldon on his way to Richmond.  He was at Charlotte on Friday night, and was delayed by some engine running off the track, all night.  The Company were also delayed and were not ready for starting when he left Charlotte Saturday morning.  Ed Stokes and myself called on Miss Nellie Orr this morning to deliver Mas letter.  We found her a very pretty and interesting young lady.

	It is raining here now very hard, and has been since morning.  It is now 3 oclock and the Company has not yet arrived.  If it comes this evening, I dont think it will start for Richmond until tomorrow morning.

	There is no news of much consequence that I have heard.  There is some report of fighting near Alexandria, but not reliable as usual.

	I have nothing of interest to write you.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. Ed Stokes desires to you all.  Give my love to all.

Benjamin Perry
Greenville