Letter 621
21 August 1861
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Since writing you at six oclock this evening I have seen Major Cely, Blassingame & Peadon & young Cely all just from the army.  Peden saw Willie Thursday morning & he was quite well.  William Thompson is getting well.  John Jones is almost well.  Robert Pool is doing well & in no danger.  Scruggs is not much sick.

	I saw poor Cely at Hunts Hotel on his way to Greenville with a ball in his forehead.  He will recover.  The wound is healing up & looks curious.  Dr. Goodwin heard my voice in Celys room & stopped in.  He told me he has six sons in the army.  One was wounded & his wife went on to nurse him.  She is still there waiting for another battle & to attend the sick.

	Blassingame says the sick are very much neglected in the army.  He came back with the corpse of Joab Mauldin.  Mrs. Mauldin telegraphed this evening from Culpepper to keep the corpse at Anderson till her return.  She missed it in Richmond.  Blassingame says they live very well in the armygood provisions but badly cooked.  He gives some amusing accounts of the soldiers running.  He says Henry Cauble.  Judge Whitner told me two of the Holl from Tugaloo threw down their muskets & said they would not fight.  They were expelled [from] the company.  Peden of Boz[e]mans Guards is here wounded.  He looks well & will recover.  He says Captain Adams is getting better, but his wife had not arrived when he left.  He says the captain very sick with measles but in no danger & is now well & getting well.

	I have heard nothing of Hoke or Crook.  They are in North Carolina.

	I sawLegare at the supper table.  Judge Whitner introduced us & I told that I had known him years ago.  Yes he said in 1830, he spent a summer at Greenville.  We spoke of your aunt his wifes stepmother & he enquired after your Mother.

	The weather is excessively hot & I must stop writing.   I think you must admit I have complied with your request in writing for I have now written ten long letters.

	I will send this letter by Blassingame.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville