Letter 406
20 September 1857
Cambridge

Dear Papa
	I received your letter yesterday and will now write you a few lines to let you know how I am getting on.  I have written two letters home, and one to Anna and one to Frank since Ive been here.  I will try to write every Saturday.

	Today is Sunday and I will have to go to the Chapel to church directly.  It is worse than in Columbia, for here we have to go to Chapel twice a day, morning and evening.  In Columbia we only had to go once a day.

        The preacher in the Chapel belongs to the Unitarian denomination.  I am glad to hear that you are going to send me some books, but am sorry they are all text-books, for the majority of them will be of no use to me.  I would like to have had some miscel[l]aneous books such as Historys &c., along with them.  But I am glad of any sort.  I suppose you have settled something about the So. Ca. College by this time; what it is I will hear by the Patriot.

       I have received three Patriots since Ive been here.  They all came at once.

       I am sorry to hear that you have been unwell, but I hope that you and Arthur are both well by this time.  I was rather unwell myself the othe day but I am perfectly well now.

       We changed our boarding because the place we were at when you left, was so bad the rooms, fare, and everything.  The place we are now at is a great deal more convenient to the College.  We have only to cross the street to be in the College yard.  Do you recollect a new building they were erecting in the College yard!  Where [we] are now is nearly opposite, and is[on] the main street that you came into Cambridge.  There are twelve rooms in the house, and all [are] occupied by students.  Mr. Perdicaris son is in the same house with us.  I like him very much.  He has gone home at present on account of ill health.  Each of our rooms has a dormitory attached for our beds, and is lighted with gas.  My room joins the oldest Memminger.  The youngest rooms a story above us.  We eat at a house called the Brattle House which is kept especially for students, and is just like a fine Hotel.  Some who eat there pay for whatever they call for at each meal.  But I think it cheaper to board by the week as we do. [William Hayne Perry]

Mr. B.F. Perry
Greenville