Letter 705
24 September 1865
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Instead of going to Church I will write you a letter.  My boots hurt my feet so much that I cannot walk well.  Last evening I went with Willie to Dr. LeContes & found it difficult to walk home.  Mrs. LeConte & Lula seemed very glad to see us & were pleasant.  Lula says she cannot return with us.  Her mother says her health is not good & fears an attack of typhoid fever.  Miss Maggie will go up with us & we shall be at home Thursday or Friday.

	I have rece[ive]d no letters from you since Beatty came down.  I have written long letters by  to the President & Seward giving an account of the proceedings of the Convention.  The Convention are doing pretty much all that I requested them to do.  It is pretty well understood that I am to be U.S. Senator.  W.W. Boyce & Governor Manning are talked of as my colleagues, which will be successful is doubtful.  Col. Orr will be Governor.  Col. Farrow, Reed, J.P. Boyce &c. are talked of as candidates for Congress  from our Congressional district which now includes Anderson, Pickens, Greenville, Spartanburgh, Laurens, York & Chester.

	Col. F.J. Moses has got up a Petition for district Judge which is signed by most of the Court.  He called to see me last night & said he supposed I would desire the office and on learning that I was to be sent to the Senate, he had concluded to make application for the Judgeship.

	Barnwell Rhett through his son, desired to know of me what I would require of him in making application for pardon.  I sent word that if he would pledge himself to become, & forever continue a loyal citizen to the U. States, I would favor his application.  I was introduced to Col. Rhett this morning.  Col. William Butler came to me for a letter to Col. Johnson for a position on the Charlotte R[ail] Road.  I gave him a very warm & earnest recommendation for I feel sorry for him.

	Willie has done well in the Convention & is very much esteemed by the members.,  I wish him to go into the Legislature.  The election will take place on the 18th of October & the Legislature wil meet in two days afterwards.

	I hope you & Fannie & the children are getting on well & that your freedmen & women are behaving themselves.

	Yesterday I dined with the yankee Generals here at the Hotel & was very much pleased with them.  Brevet Major General Ames is a young & accomplished gentleman.  He called to see me soon after my arrival & met me most cordially.  He comes frequently to my Parlor to give me newspapers and the other night he came to get me to write the President to keep him here.  Yesterday he brought me a parcel of letters to forward by Beattie & I see amongst several to young ladies.  He is a handsome fellow & a graduate of West Point.  General Richardson in command here is a worthy gentleman.

	I have been interrupted by several visits whilst writing.  Mr. Boyce of Fairfield has just left after a long talk about the senate.  He is very anxious to be associated with me in the Senate.  They all seem to admit that I am to be the first elected.  Governor Mannings friends wish him as second Senator as there will be a contest between Boyce & Manning.  It is also said that General Hamptons friends are wishing to bring him forward.

	They have all come home from church & I must close my letter by signing myself your affectionate husband & requesting you to give my love to Fannie & all the children.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville