Letter 659
7 June 1863
Brandy Station

Dear Pa

	I have not written you for some time past, because I have had nothing to write about.  I will write you a few lines today to let you know how I am getting on.  Yesterday orders came to cook this days rations and in the evening we took up march for Brandy Station about 5 miles; and we all expected to move across the Rappahannock this morning, but contrary to all expectations we came back about a mile and are striking a camp.  What is in the wind I am unable to tell.  Something is up though Hoods, McLaws moved up this way a day or two ago and are now about Kellys Ford.  I thought yesterday that a forward movement was about being made by Lee and that the Cavalry and several divisions of Infantry had been sent up here to cross but this morning there is a report that fighting is again on down about Fredericksburg.  This report and our delaying seems to show that the move is a feint or has been interupted by an attack from the enemy.  Gen. Lee, I suppose is the only one who knows all about it.  On Friday last we had a grand review of all the Cavalry under Stuarts Command and a big show it was.  Five Brigades of Cavalry were on the Field and we charged about considerably.  Stoneman wont be able to make another raid while we have our present Cavalry force about here.

	My horses are improving a good deal and if we dont have any hard duty to do for awhile, I think Wiley will bring them out to what they were when I was home.  I would like to send my sorrel horse home if I had an opportunity, but I would like to buy another first.  I think he may recover his eyes.  They are looking pretty well at present.  The horse I spoke of getting for Vardry is too small for me.

        Joe Ferguson joined us yesterday at last, looking very well.  Jno. Ferguson read me a portion of his letter to you.  I hope you will not get him any position which will take him from our Company.  He was grossly insulted by Col. Butler but he can come back into the Company whenever he wishes to, and get out of his present position in the Commissarys Department.  I am sorry that my boots cost so much but I need them as my present ones wont last much longer and when a man gets out of boots here there is no chance of getting any more this side of Richmond.  I dont believe I need any clothes.  Joel Ketchum left my Carpetbag in Richmond, so I have only a change alone which is enough.  I can send for my carpetbag when these I have wear out.  Your Aff[ectionate] Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville