Letter 109
Monday night, [17 July 1848]
Lauren C.H.

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines this evening instead of exposing myself to the night air instead of going to a temperance lecture where everybody else has gone.

	I have just had a long talk with my friend Billy Mills & he is really a warm friend.  He assures me that my prospects are growing better daily.  The same assurance has been given me today by Mr. Garlington, Col. Williams, Mr. Whitmore, Mr. Simmons, Col. Irby &c.

	Col. Orrs communication will operate against him as I am informed by almost everyone & amongst them Dr. Simpson & Deaton & Godman.  They were all pleased to hear that I intended replying to him mildly.

	I have been in the Court House pretty much all day & Col. Orr has not shown himself in the Court House at all.  He is here however & his face looks as red as a bottle of rum.

	I saw Col. Kern today & he reports favorably for me in consequence his going for Taylor.  Not one friend has left me in consequence of my opposition to Taylor.

	Col. Kern looks well & seems very happy.  Mills admitted to me that he was to be marriedsaid he would be at Greenville again before the grand occasion.

	I finished my article in reply to Orr last night, & handed it to the Editor this morning.

	I hope to hear from you in the morning.  I will write you again before the mail leaves.  It has just occurred to me that the mail comes down instead of going up in the morning.

	The court will probably last all the week.  One of my cases has been continued.  General Thompson is here.   I met William Butler returning from Charleston Tuesday night.  I recd your letter & the one from Folgerheard nothing of the old letter.  I was glad to hear from home & that Fanny was better.  Folger is at enmity with the Hol & wishes to prejudice me.

	I have just got through with my speech in the case of Maddox & WilliamsonYoung & Sullivan speech tomorrow.

	My friend Norece told me this morning that General Griffin & Major Calhoun had better quit Orr on account of his communication.

	I met Orr this morning & we shook hands & passed the ordinary civilities.

	I have not been well since I have been heretook pills last night, & they have made me feel a little unpleasant.

	General Thompson has gone on to Washington City.

	Orrs Taylorism is losing him votes very rapidly in Laurens.

  	I do not know when I shall be at home.  Your affectionate husband &c., B.F. Perry

I saw Major Reed & he says he will be in Greenville in August.  BFP

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville