Letter 422
1 November 1857
Harvard College

Dear Anna

	Your welcome letter was received at the right time yesterday morning.  Today is Sunday my usual writing day, but owing to the old Chapel I will only have time to begin this letter now.  I will finish it this evening.

	I see that you still get as many letters as usual.  I get fewer that I used to.  Because I told Ma that I wanted to hear from home Saturday anyhow, she seems to think that I dont want to hear any other time.  I heard from Pa yesterday.  I went to a musical party Wednesday night at Prof. Pierces, where I had the extreme pleasure of seeing & becoming acquainted with some of the young ladies of yankeedom.  I dont think them any prettier through, but you can tell the young ladies in Greenville that if they wont have me I stand some chance of getting a yankee girl who will be useful if not ornamental, for no doubt they know how to act as chambermaids, as they havent any niggers to wait on them.

	I also went to see some young ladys in Boston the other night.  I went with Joe Longs cousin, who is in the Law school here.  The bell is ringing for church, so I will close till after dinner.

	I have just returned from Chapel, and will conclude this letter before dinner.  Give my respects to Miss Jennie & Miss Helen.  I dont know whether I will go into that flirtation that you were speaking of, or not.  Im afraid it will be tiresome.  If you see Frank Coxe again, tell [page torn] I leave about the 21st of January, and [page torn] be in Philadelphia a few days after [page torn] so he must call at the Girard House, about that time, and inquire for me.

	Every time I write to you I forget to send the lock of hair, and Im afraid that I will forget it again before I finish this letter.  Bill Beattie says his father came from Washington County Va &c., but as Mrs. Tresevant is gone it is no use going into particulars.  He said he would claim the relationship if he came up North next summer, so that he might visit the school.

	I like the paper your letter was written on, because it was of a good size.  This is the best paper that I can get about here, and it is no account.  I want to hear of Miss Paulines marriage, just so as to know, who she is going to marry.

	I just have to cross the street to be in the College yard, but have a pretty long walk {page torn] meals.  [page torn] Ive cut the lock of hair.  I didnt have a[ny] scissors, so had to cut it with my knife, and it liked to have pulled all the hair out of my head, and didnt get much after all.  I havent any ribbon to tie it up with.

	I have got me a new suit of clothes and if I dont wear them out before I get home, I may break some ladys heart.  I will certainly have a fine time, being the only beau.  I will fly around like a cart with one wheel on.  But all the Fairs will be over.  However, I dont care about going home to see the girls.  I dont know whether I will speak to one all the time Im at home.

	I hope you will keep on writing long letters.  I have a Theme to write every two weeks, which is a good deal harder than a composition.  Ive come to the end of my paper a must close.  Your affectionate brother, Willie

Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.