Letter 236
6 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	This is Sunday morning and I have just had my breakfast and sealed myself to write you a long letter.  But in all probability before I have written a dozen lines there will be persons in my room & interrupt my writing & I never will again have a room so public & appropriated to other persons.

	I wrote you a short letter yesterday for I was engaged all day.  I am disposed to study my case today also.  I think I shall be able to make a good speech.  There are facts & circumstances enough in Gardiners case for a good speech.  I am afraid it will take a long time to try it.  This I regret for I am exceedingly anxious to return home.  I have at this time too a very bad cold which distresses me a great deal.

	I do not know when our Indian business will commence.  This may deter me some time & perhaps render it necessary for me to return to Washington.  I will write you as soon as anything is ascertained in reference to it.

	I hope upon the whole that my visit to Washington will be a fortunate one for methat it will be the turning over a new leaf in my life.  This Indian business will necessarily throw me a good deal with President Pierce, & make me acquainted with him.  He may in the course ofevents take a fancy to me as you say that his character & mine are very much alike.

	I rece[ive]d a long letter from you Friday night dated Sunday preceding, but I have heard nothing from you since.  I hope to hear this morning when the mail is opened.  General Thompson received no letter from Mrs. Thompson & seemed mortified.  He thought I suppose that his wife ought to write as often as you did.  He requested her to write every other day.

	I am truly glad to hear that Susan is going to remain with your mother.  It is the only proper place for her.  I know full well she will be satisfied nowhere else.  It is more respectable too, and more becoming than for her, separated from her husband, to be boarding out.

	I regard to your mother selling her house for a fair price I approve of it.  She may purchase again or go elsewhere.  If she goes from Greenville let her go back to Charleston & board in some private house.  There she will have friends & relations to visit & see her.  It will cost her much less than keeping house & be more agreeable.  I doubt the policy of her going north.  But she may try it.  How Susan is today I know not & shall never advise again about her.  She has acted foolish from the day of her marriage to the present time.  It was an unfortunate marriage but it was her duty to make the best of it & especially for her childrens sake.  A woman who is so sensitive & selfish as that as to sacrifice her own comfort & convenience for the sake of her children is either bad or foolishthe latter I attribute to Susan.  I think she & your mother the most unwise people for this world & this life that I ever knew and yet I believe they are good & far better than others who before prudently [page torn]

	How I wish to see you & the children!  Nothing neither money nor fame can compensate me for the loss of my family, society & the care of my wife and children.  I am here the associate of Senators, Governors, Judges & high functionaries of government but I had much rather be the associate of you & William & Anna, Frank, Fanny & dear little Hext.

	I must now conclude my dear wife.  Your affectionate husband.  I have no idea when I shall be at home.  But hope the week of Laurens court.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville