Letter 617
1 August [1861]
Camp Griffin Near Manassas

Dear Papa

	I wrote you a letter yesterday by Mr. Burgess, but as some of the Greenville men are going home tomorrow I concluded to write again, as it dont cost anything to send them by Hand.

	I received your letter this morning.  I mentioned to Dr. Austin about Day.  He had already seen him, and will provide for his coming on.  He said he could get any amount of men from Greenville, and he is going to send for ten men to supply vacancies in his company, occasioned by some of his men being wounded and some broken down.  Charles Hill is broken down, and will have to go home.

	I write to you today more particularly to describe the boots I want Burt to make for me.  I want them with very thick upper leathers, as well as heavy tacked soles, and I want the legs made very stiff, and in Cavalry style, coming above the knees.  If you come on, I wish you would, in Richmond, buy an India Rubber or oil-cloth over-coat., or something to throw over the body.  I find the need of it in wet weather.  The first day we started from Ashland it rained hard all day through and through not withstanding an over-coat and shawl.  I saw William Martin from Charleston who came on to see about the wounded of the Washington Light Infantry.  It seems that he belongs to the detachment of the Washington Light Infantry which staid at home.  He has gone home again.  I think so hot a secessionist as Gen. [William Edward] Martin might give a son to fight for the cause he advocated so strongly.

	We are getting on pretty well here, with the exception of water.  Our well is not yet dug deep enough to get water, and I doubt whether it ever will be.  Col. Ware is here & speaks of going home in the morning.  You will find some difficulty in getting a passport in Richmond.  There are a great many there who cannot obtain them.  Good is going home in the morning.  Young Austin of our Company is sick.  Bill Beattie is sick but not dangerously.  Dr. Ferguson is also sick.  I think he is taking the measles.  We left four men down with the measles at AshlandCooley, Cothran, Arnold and Ashmore.  They are still there.  Bolling is a little sick.    Most of the rest of the Company are in pretty good health.

	I now understand that neither Col. Pool. nor Hawkins, nor old Fuller are dead3rd Lieut. Fuller is dead though.

	I have not much to write [you] in the way of news.  Yesterday a report came that 50,000 yankees had crossed the Potomac.  Today it is contradicted.  I have received two letters from Fannie, and will write to her as soon as possible and would be glad to hear from her frequently.  Give my love to Grandma and all.  Your Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. Bring or send on my shotgun as soon as possible.

Benjamin Perry
Greenville