Letter 464
30 January 1858
Greenville

My dear Son

	We have not heard from you except through Willie for eight or ten days.  Last week we received a letter from Willie in Annapolis stating that you were looking better than he ever saw you, that you had dined with him that day & were to go to church with him the next day.  He stated too that you were well pleased with your school.

	Willie wrote that he would leave the Monday following for Washington & be at home the same week.  But we have not heard from him since.  I went to the depot to meet him Friday & Saturday.  I suppose he will be here tomorrow evening, Monday.  I thought he would stay in Washington longer than he expected.  I hope he went to see Col. Orr, Judge Evans, and Governor Hammond.

	We are very anxious to hear from you & hope to receive a letter tomorrow.  You must write once a week & oftener if you have time.  But do not let your writing or anything else interfere with your studies & duties in the Academy.  Think of nothing but your studies & duties.  You ought to try & learn fast & keep as high up in your Class as you possibly can.  Try & get higher & higher every month.  Your success in life & your happiness in life depend on your good conduct & hard study at this time.  Remember howgraduate & what a disgrace it would be for you to be dismissed.

	We are all well except Anna.  She still looks badly & has a bad cough.  We are very much distressed about her, but have hopes of her recovery.  She is taking medicines which Dr. Jackson sent her from Philadelphia.  She rides out when the weather is good.  But she has only rode once on horseback.  She has been nowhere except to your grandmothers since her return.  A great many of the girls have been to see her.

	Fannie is growing very tall & will commence her school studies next week.  Hext & Hayne are going to Miss Powell.  But Hayne only goes for company.  He does not learn anything.  Arthur has grown fat & rosy & looks very well.  He is still nursing & very passionate like all of my children.

	The servants are all well.  Old Charles got married last night to his old wife with whom he had been living for the last twenty years.  They were never married before, & Baylis persuaded him that he ought to be married.  He had a large party & all the servants went out to Dea.

	The Horses are all looking very well.  Tom Thumb is suffering for exercise.  How he would like to have you ride him.

	The schools commence here next Wednesday & the Boys are beginning to come in.  They expect a large number in the Furman College.

	The weather has been very mild all this winter.  We have had no ice or snow but a great deal of rain.

	Write us soon & all about your school.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Frank Perry
Annapolis