Letter 221
21 February 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I went to the Post office this morning & had the pleasure of receiving two letters from you.  I called at the Post office with Col Orr on our return from the Presidents.  The Col. told me to tell you to keep the thousand dollar check you had received for pin money.  I told him that you had sent me the letter, but kept the check.  I was truly glad to hear from you for I began to be uneasy.  General Thompson has now gone to the Post office to enquire for his letters.  I suppose he thinks his wife loves him as much as mine does me & will write him as soon.

	My visit to the President was a pleasant one indeed.  He met me most cordially & we talked a long time although there were others waiting to have a reception.  He told me all about his administration &c.  He said the Patriot was the only paper in South Carolina he cared to read for a great while.

	On my return from the Presidents we called to see Col. Clements of Alabama.  He expressed himself under many obligations to me for the notice I had taken of him.  I saw Mr. Stephens of Georgia & he enquired if I was the Editor of the Southern Patriot.  Everybody seems to know me about as well here as they do in Greenville.  Col. Orr introduced me to Mr.  [Benjamin D.] Naebors [Nabers] of Mississippi & began to tell who I was & Naebors stopped him & said he knew me perfectly well.  I have not been to the Senate today.  Judge Butler & Governor Aiken called to see us this morning.

	The case of Dr. Gardiner has not yet been taken up, & his witnesses have not yet arrived.  It is uncertain when it will be taken up for trial.  The doctor was at out room this morning with Col. Abbott one of his witnesses.  I am very much pleased with Dr. Gardiner indeed & have no doubt of his innocence.  Col.  Orr says I must argue the case of Dr. Earle & Chase in the Supreme Court if it comes on whilst I am here.  Both Orr & Thompson say this city is now the finest opening for a lawyer in the United States & think I would make a fortune here in a few years.

	As to getting office under the President there is no office within his gift worth having for a poor man with a family, who has a practice worth three thousand dollars at home.  Frank Burt is trying for the office of auditor worth three thousand dollars & expects to live here without his family.  He is in debt & poor fellow.  I am sorry for him.  Unless he gets an office he will have to sell his negroes or lose.

	I am getting very tired of this place, & if Gardiners trial does not come on, I shall not stay a great while longer.

	I hope to hear from you again tomorrow.  I see Livingstons Book neatly bound containing all of our likenesses.  I hope you & the children are all well.  There is a daguerreotypist herebut I have not yet been to see him.

	Mrs. Blake is here & doing well.  Col. Orr spoke of her daughter the grown one being an interesting young lady & said nothing about any scandal of her.  I hope the story told you by Mrs. Hubbard is not correct.  General Thompson & Gen. E told me last night the Col. Bentons youngest & single daughter had a child recently.  What a horrible circumstance.

	Wilborn Perry & Major Miller & his two daughters passed through here last night on their way to New York.  I did not see them but Col. Orr did.

	Give my love to all the children & believe me yours truly and sincerely, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville