Letter 334
14 May 1855
Columbia

	The Committee to whom were refe[r]rred the various reports on the state of the College submitted to the Board of Trustees have carefully considered the same and respectfully ask leave to Report.

	In considering the documents refer[r]ed to them, your Committee have had reference only to such matters as required the immediate action of the Board.  They can barely allude to the present condition & prosperity of ethe college, the dilligence & progress of the young gentlemen connected with it, theirexceptionable deportment, together with the attention & ability of the Professors, as sources of high congratulation to the Board as well as to the whole State.

	Your Committee concur entirely with the President of the College, in recommending the appointment of a committee whose duty it shall be to visit the Laboratory, Cabinets, Library, observatory and rooms of the college, enquire into its internal affairs and report the same to this Board.  Such committee, would, no doubt by their visits & enquiries, have, in the language of the President a fine effect upon the officers & students.

	In obedience to the suggestion of President Thornwell, your Committee recommend the appointment, now, of a Board of Visitors to attend the examination of the Senior Class next fall as is required by the laws of the College.

	They concur with the President in his complimentary notice of the liberal and patriotic action of His Excellency the Governor in assisting with the contingent fund to rebuild the burnt wing of the College, and have no doubt the some will meet the hearty approval of the Legislature.

	In relation to the various matters of expenditures brought to the view of the Board by the President of the College they would recommend, hereafter, a more rigid observance of the rules & laws of the College which require all repairs to be made at the expense of those who occupy the College Buildings, and which forbid all expenditures of money without a previous appropriation by the Board of Trustees.

	They recommend, however, that the following sums be paid when the Treasurer is in funds to meet them.

	One Hundred sixty nine dollars & ninety six cents, expenses incurred in rebuilding the fencing & so forth of Professor Brumby. [this paragraph lined through in Perrys hand].

	Three Hundred & Forty dollars for the new fence around the Presidents House.

	Three Hundred & five dollars & ninety six cents for the fencing about the new Houses of the Professors.

	Thirty eight dollars and sixteen cents for shingling L House.

	Eight dollars & sixty two cents for tearing down the college walls.

	For Printing, to pay the present Bill of eighty seven dollars, & for necessary expenses of the examination one Hundred & fifty dollars.

	To pay the postage on the quarterly reports, which the committee recommend instead of monthly reports, fifteen dollars.

	To pay Brittons account for printing Professor McCays Address, Sixty Five dollars.

	To pay Walker & Evans Bill for printing addresses of President Thornwell & Mr. Petigru one hundred & fourteen dollars & fifty cents.

	Your Committee are unwilling in the present embarrassed condition of the funds of the College, to recommend the appropriations for the additional repairs to the lot of Professor Brumby.

	Nor do they think there is any obligation on the part of the Board of Trustees to pay the expenditures made by Professors Lieber & Brumby in relation to the lightening rods which they have recently had attached to their Houses without the authority of the Board.

	Your Committee have considered the application made by the architect in relation to the fourteen Hundred dollars which he has become responsible for on account of the construction of the College Hall, & a majority of them think that this amount should be deducted from the sum due the contractwhen the Hall is finished, if the same can be done without prejudice to the Board or liability on their part. [This paragraph lined through by Perry].

	In relation to obtaining the necessary aid from the Legislature, for rebuilding the burnt wing of the College, your Committee would recommend that the matter to the view of the Legislature by His Excellency the President of the Board in his annual message.

	All of which is respectfully submitted.  B.F. Perry, Chairman