Letter 34
Friday night, [5 December 1845]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just received yours & Willies letter & was very glad to hear from you and especially pleased at Wilies first intelligible letter to me.  Tell Willie I have not time to write this mail, but will by the next.  Indeed all of my letters to you have been written in great haste because I always wait to receive your letter before writing.  And I am so busy here that I hardly have time to do anything.

	Last night the Governor gave a good Ball, but I had been engaged in court all day, & had to meet a committee at night, & did not go  I felt tired and went to bed about the time the others went to the Ball (10 0clock).  I had to be in court all day today, & knew that I should not feel well if I went to the Governors.

	The courts are now trying my cases & will be at it next Monday & Tuesday.  Today the law students were examined & all admitted (26), Pinckney McBee among them.  The Equity students were admitted yesterday & they all complimented me very much for my courtesy & kindness to them in my examination of them.  Butler Thompson was admitted in Equity & Elford.

	I have the pleasure of seeing Col. Martins two little sons this morning.  They came with him to the State House.  The oldest is a good looking boy but not equal to our Willie.  In fact I have never seen three children so smart looking as ours.  This I say independent of the influence and.  Martins second Boy would be good looking but for his blemish in the eye.  He has five children.  What a charge for a poor man to have.  I must go & see Mrs. Martin & Mrs. Taylor.

	I saw your cousin Alston Hayne the other day & he promised to come & see me but has not.  I saw him in the Senate chamber.

	The election of Superintendent of Public Works comes on tomorrow at one oclock.  Mr. [Elias] Earle will soon know his fate.  He seemed pleased at your wish for his success.

	Pinckney McBee & B. Thompson start home tomorrow morning but will go through Edgefield & not reach Greenville before Thursday.  General Thompson will start home the firrst of next week.  Elford has gone to Charleston.  Tom Butler & Rowland have not reached here yet.

	My box of fruits & keg of grapes will reach you in time for your party.  But the weather is so cold you will have an unpleasant time.  Be careful about fire.  Col. F. Wardlaw got his House burnt up last week, by the rolling down of a chunk of wood on the floor.  Have the fire attended to every night & be careful about the children falling into the fire.

	How I should like to gear Franks sweet voice, even his cry.  Tell him to learn fast to talk  Tell Amma I must bring her a frock  Tell Will I will speak to Col. Summer about the dog and bring him a knife.

	The Legislature adjourns next Monday week.  I will be at home on Wednesday 17thwhen it will give me pleasure to see you & the children once more.

	I saw the Governor this morning.  He requests an interview with me & the other members of the delegation tomorrow, on the subject of Wells pardon.  So much has been said about his pardoning every body, that he has become extremely cautious.  I trhink however he will pardon him.

	The Rail Road is going on finely.  The state will take two fifths of the stock.

	I have not yet even seen to know[word obscured] Mr. Heyward.  If I can make it convenient I will seek his acquaintance.  But I see very little of the members of the House who do not board at Maybins.

	The death of Mr. Cleveland was expected.  How many deaths happen in Greenville whilst I am absent.  Col. Dawkins was enquiring about Mr. Cleveland this morning.  I have not yet seen his wife.

	I must now conclude my letter as my paper is pretty well filled up & my topics exhausted, & it is late in the evening & I must put this letter in the office tonight.

	Col. ware & Duncan & myself all recd letters this evening from our better halves.  Whether Walker did or not I do not know.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Perry
Greenville