Letter 695
Sunday morning, [1864]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	The arrival of Hext last night frustrated all of my plans & perhaps for the better.  I shall now remain in Columbia till Thursday & then go home to remain instead of going up & returning.  I am loth to move about.  This morning I found there was noat ten oclock as I expected to Col. OHanlons, so I wrote him Hext was here to pay him a visit & would remain till he came up.  I wrote the Col. a hurried letter last night & a long one this morning.  Hext is enjoying himself with Charley Janney & slept with him last night.  Yesterday Mr. Janney asked me to dine with his family at one oclock, which I did.  He seems very kind & obliging to me.   Sent his Horse & Buggy to go to the Governors the other evening.

	Today I will spend in writing letters & reading Prentiss life till dinner.  Then I think of taking a walk to your uncles with Hext for exercise.  There are some important matters coming up in the Legislature tomorrow & and next dayI would have missed if I had gone home.  I hope by Thursday all will be over & I can go home safely & leave Hext with Col. OHanlon till I come down in January to bring Fannie to school.

	I hope the corn will come soon.  I shall see Lake Tuesday evening.  If you get out you must borrow of Pool.  Do have the cows well fed with meal or bean and hay, fodder or shucks & slop.  The Calf you can kill whenever you think best.  Janney bought two cows yesterday for $800.  If I could get Ss for $200 I would take her provided she  is a good milker.  If you can exchange salt for pork do so.  I wish to hear from Glencoe very much.  I hope Alfred & Johnny are done gathering corn & sowing wheat.  I must go up there as soon as I get back.

	I will have a settlement with Lake when he comes down & see more about the corn.  I hope you are getting on well and quietly.  Tell Vardry he must study hard & when he comes here he must be very careful to obey all rules and regulations and not be led astray by other boys.  It is a hard life, but it will make a useful man of him, & he ought not to throw away the opportunity.  He may now regard his life as just commencing so far as his own conduct & exertions are concerned.

       I will now write a long letter to Willie.  I wrote him just a week ago.  You & Fannie ought to write him.

       I have just seen Judge Magrath who came up last night to hold court here.  He says the shelling is injuring the Homes very much in Charleston.  I have seen nothing of my friend Simms & his wife yet.  Col. Orr, Simpson Farrow & other members of Congress have passed through on their way to Richmond.

       Write me so that I may get letters Wednesday evening before starting Thursday.  I will write you tomorrow if I have time.  My love to all the Children & tell Fannie the.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry
Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville