Letter 646
7 December 1862
Columbia

My dear Liz

	One of my chief pleasures when absent from you is writing to you & receiving letters from you.  How different from some of the members, who seldom write to their wives or receive letters from them.  How can they love their wives as I do you? Or do their wives love them?  I suppose the truth is that most people being married a long time forget all about love.  They think of each other just as they do of their houses or their horses or cattle or fields.  Most persons too regard their children in the same light.  And sometimes they actually think more of their property than they do of wife or children.  It seemed to me the other night that Mrs. Irby was a great deal more concerned about her money than she was about her son whose life or death was uncertain.  If Willie had been in that situation I should have been distressed to madness.

	I have just written a long letter to Fannie & told her of a visit Boyce & myself paid Mrs. LeConte.  I am very much pleased with Boyce.  He is one of the most sensible men & one of the best men & one of the most pleasant men I have ever known.  We have a great desal of amusement out of our friend Dr. Croft.  I have some good jokes on him.  Boyce has a great deal of humour & a nice sense of the ridiculous.

	We told Mrs. LeConte that she must be sure to come & hear Dr. Crofts speech on the Bill to stop distilling Tuesday at two oclock.  We told her about the Drs speech when he presented theto me.  She was consumed with laughter.  Mrs. LeConte asked me if I knew Mitchell, that she had received a letter from a friend in Savannah requesting her to take him under charge.  I told her about your enquiring very innocently of him if he was related to the Mr. Mitchell who was once engaged to a cousin of yours.  The story amused Lula & Miss Graham very much.

	Mrs. LeConte said she did not know how gentlemen who were so fiendly as Yeadon & myself could be so tart to each other in debate.  She said she saw me shake my finger at him & seemed in a passion.  As soon as the debate was over she saw Yeadon come up to me & I put my hand on him & pulled him to me most affectionately.

	In regard to General Thompsons letter you may rest assured I shall be influenced by my own good sense & Judgement.  If the election of Chancellor comes on I expect to be a candidate & think my chance of election pretty good.  But I have no idea of running for Governor.  If the Legislature were to press it on me I might consent to serve.  But there is no probability of this and it is a position not to be desired at this time.

	Write to me about purchasing sugar & rice.  At present rice is higher in Charleston & perhaps I had as well purchase here.  Salt is so very high that I shall wait till later to purchase.  They are making a great deal on the coast now & it must be cheaper.

	Let me know all about the children & your household.  I think I shall come home next Saturday & return Monday.  But I will write you again.  I have heard nothing from Willie.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville

[This letter is faded badly]