Letter 483
4 May 1858
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just rece[ive]d your very short letter, but you say you will write longer ones after hearing from me.  I wrote you a long letter Sunday & another yesterday.

	I have done nothing today.  The Courts did not sit, but the Judges went to hear General Quitmans speech.  Having nothing else to do I went too, and was much interested in it.  There was an immense convocation of personsseveral thousand.  The College Hall which is an immense building  was very crowded with ladies.  Being a Trustee of the College a seat was provided for me.  I took General Thompson with me.  Miss Jones went early with Col. Preston.

	Yesterday evening at the supper table I was surprised by your uncle Col. Hayne coming up & speaking to me.  I did not know of his arrival.  He took a seat with me & had a great deal of chat.  This morning he informed me that he too was to make a speech at the Quitman exhibition as the only surviving aid of General Jackson.  He did speak for some time after Quitman had got through about Jackson & the Battle of New Orleans.  The old gentleman is looking very well & is as full of fire &as ever.  I thought whilst speaking that he would shake himself to pieces.

	General Thompson goes up in the morning & Jann[e]y has got me some strawberries which I will send up by him.

       This morning at the breakfast table a lady spoke to me holding out her hand & said she was Mrs. Anderson.  It was some time before I could tell who Mrs. Anderson was.  But in the course of the conversation I found out she was a Miss Kincade.  We sat together at dinner today & had a great deal of talk.  She has a little son with her who had been in the military Academy.  She enquired about Frank & how he liked the school.  She wishes to send her little son there.

       I am not writing to you amidst great confusion on one side of me the babies are squalling & on the other General McGowan & Col. Owens & others are mostover their wine.

       I shall be here till next week some time

       I saw Col. Keitt & general Bonham this morning.  They enquired kindly after you & Anna.  Keitt is looking very well.  I did not ask him about Miss Sparks.  I was afraid it was a sore subject.

       Your uncle Arthur returns tomorrow.  Col. Memminger & Mr. Petigru will be here tomorrow.

       It is now so dark that I must quit.  I hope you & the children are all getting on well.  I am anxious to see you.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville