Letter 268
7 December 1853
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from the State House & ate my dinner.

	I see that Willie has been writing & I hope he has written to you.  But I cant find him.  I will however write you a line for fear he has not.

	Anna is downstairs & is going to walk to the Asylum with Miss Waistcot, Flora Jones & others.  She is enjoying herself very much.  The House is full of young ladies, but I hope they will go off in a day or two.  It is utter confusion.

	Today we had a little debate on the Electoral question.  I have not spoken.  There has been a great military parade here today.  Mrs. & Mr. Green are here from Greenville & Mrs. Green is rooming with Anna.  Mrs. Jones has become very civil to me.  But I have very little to say to her.  Flora Jones seems a clever girl & very kindly disposed.  Tom Earle is here & I saw him at a distance.

	I understand that Tom Beattie last summer carried on a systematic begging of money from all his acquaintances in New York.  He got fifty dollars out of Col. Herndon.  Herndon & his wife are here.  Anna has not yet been to Taylors.  Mr. Petigru came up this evening & also Barnwell Rhett.

	I will not close as company has come into the room.  If I get a letter from you I will write you again.

	I have just rece[ive]d your letter & thank you for it.  I am glad to hear that all of the groceries have arrived.  You can employ yourself for some time in fixing & arranging them.

	I enclose you an appointment for Henry D. Doyley as cadet.  You will please send it to him.

	Anna has just come to ask me to let her go to Charleston with Mr. & Mrs. Green who have invited her.  But I told her that she could not go.  That if she wished to leave Columbia she might go back to Greenville.  She was anxious to read your letter, but I was afraid she might talk about something in it.

	I will now close my dear wife.  Everybody seems to know that I write every day & frequently speak of it to me.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville