Letter 307
8 December 1854
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from dinner with Col. Campbell & his Charleston Mess composed of Senator Mordecai, King, Richardson, Johnson, Wagner, Wilson &c.  I was interested to meet Col. Brooks member of Congress & also met young Lowndes who has just graduated.  I spent a very pleasant evening & we had a good dinner.

	On my return to the Hotel I found your note & was glad to hear you were all well.  I was glad too to hear that Mr. Sto had paid you a visit, & thought kindly of me.

	I wrote you yesterday that Willie & Frank had gone down to Col. OHanlons.  He desired to keep them two or three weeks, but they will return Monday. & perhaps go home Tuesday.  Col. OHanlon is as kind & affectionate as ever.  He is bitterly opposed to Adams election.  The election was today ordered for Monday next on my motion.  The opponents of Adams wished to put it off & succeeded till I moved in the matter.  The House immediately acquiesced by a large majority on my motion.  Not three minutes before I made the motion, they decided not to have the election even on Tuesday.

	I have been engaged all day pretty much in the court & have made good progress with my cases.  I hope to get through next Monday.  The case of Bev & Coleman I shall gain.  I shall also gain the academy case, but I shall loose Bates & Christopher, but I shall also gain Youngs case.  How the other cases will go is doubtful.  But on Monday they deliver opinions.

	The Electoral Bill was postponed today after McCreadys speech for me & Sullivan till Tuesday.

	I am distracted by the division of my labors.  I cannot serve two masters.  My case business is now becoming too extensive for me to continue in the Legislature & do justice to my clients.

	Yesterday I was stopped in the street by General Owens of Fairfield who is moving to Florida.  He wished me to seed the Patriot to him & whilst I was taking down his Post office Dantzler & other hot secessionists friends of the General came by & he told them what he was doing.  Today I was stopped by Erwin of the Pedee who paid me $5.00.  Sp a lawyer of Edgefield also subscribed.  Erwin said I had saved the state.  Col. Simons the speaker expressed himself of Preston as strongly as I ever did against the brag[g]art spirit of South Carolina.

	My dear Liz I wish to see you & the children very much, & am truly sorry I cannot go up in the morning.  But my law cases will prevent.  In walking home tonight with Col. Brooks he said Washington was a most corrupting & demoralizing place.  That he was not able to carry on his family, and should quit after this term.  That there was no real happiness after all except at home in ones family circle.

	Enclosed I send you an Editorial for the Patriot  which you will please send up to Elford immediately.  Your affectionate, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville