Letter 636
22 December 1861
Camp Wigfall

Dear Pa

	I think if all my letters reach you that I will redeem my reputation for writing, for I have written several letters to you lately.  I write now as Mr. Iva Williams is going home and I will send it by him.  He is going to attend to the cutting out of the new uniforms for our Troop.  I have instructed him to leave my uniform at home when cut out and Ma can either have it made at home or by Mr. Dyer as best suits her.  We dont stand much in need of a uniform at present, but we may do so before the contemplated one is finished.

	I am very well.  I wrote you some time ago that my horse had a Distemper.  I am glad to say that he is getting a good deal better and I think will soon be well.  A great many of our horses have the same complaint which a great many call Lung Fever.

	Mr. Gower is about to get a Furlough and will probably start for home in a few days.  He goes to attend to his business there. Lieut[enant] Prince has got a Furlough but I believe is too sick at present to go home.  Day has not yet got his Furlough.  It has gone to headquarters and I expect he will get it in a few days.

	We were paid off yesterday.  I received $81.60 cts.  I have a notion of sending $20 home to get me an overcoat.  If I do I will send it by Gower, Prince or Day.  The sort of overcoat I want is a military one, that is, it ought to be plenty large, and made out of thick cloth and as warm as possible.

	There is not much, if any news in Camp.  The talk is that our application to be sent home has not been granted and that we will go into winter quarters in a few days, where I dont know.

	Next Wednesday is Christmas, and a pretty dull one it probably will be from present appearances.  We have had a fine spell of weather for the last two or three weeks.  Today though is cloudy and looks as if [we] might have snow before Christmas.  Wiley wants someand is unable to get any here to give my horse.  Probably you might get some at home and send it on here by letter.    I am afraid this letter will be some time in reaching you, for Mr. Williams is going by Charleston to buy trimmings for our uniforms, and may be delayed some time.

	I will close now.  Give my love to all, and write often.  Your Affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. I would like some paper and a few Envelopes, by any opportunity you get to send them.  They have given us what they call Sibley tents (circular ones) instead of the old ones.  We have chimneys to them and are pretty comfortable.  My wall tent is at a house near Bacon Race for safe keeping, until we want it.