Letter 101
28 March 1848
Anderson C.H.

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines by Mr. Elford who leaves in the morning.  I shall probably leave here myself tomorrow evening & go to Pendleton, thence to the Tugaloo side of Pickens.

	I find my prospects here better than I expected.  Some of my friends think that I will beat Col. Orr in the village of Anderson.  Esquire Cox told me that with the business men he knew I would and named the following persons who would vote for meBenson, Earle, Brown, McCully, Griffin, Reed. Whitner, Dr. Webb &c.  In fact the prominent men throughout the district will mostly support me.  Young told me this evening, that every gentleman in the district of Laurens would vote for me.  That they were not sating much & that Orrs friends were drinking fellows who made a fuss & deceived him.

	About old Pendleton I have a good many friends.  Col. Taylor, Maxwell, Seaborn, Burt, Sloan & others.  Burt has taken charge of the Pendleton Messenger.  He wrote me a kind letter inviting me to spend a day with him on my way to Pickens.

	I have seen Keith & Robbins from Pickens.  The Wolf creek where I was to get no votes, Keith said he was last week in company with twelve persons & nine of them were Perrymen.  He said Col. Hagood told him there was no comparison between me & Orr & that he should vote [for] me although he did not like me.  You know I have had several very important cases against him.

	There is a place in this district called the Dark Corner.  Billy Sherrord is king of that neighborhood & they are all whigs.  He informed me last night that he should vote for me.  Reed told me down on Broadmouth in a company of one hundred there were ninety for me.

	Coil. Orr has reported that he will get two thirds of Laurens district & seems very confident of success.  This is very well to encourage his friends at home.

	I found my copartner here rather desponding.  I was employed in a case of perjury for next court.  There is very little business in court.

	Tell Jim to go on planting the corn as fast as he can.  Let him scatter the manure & plant the ground already laid off.  Let Mary go out & help.

	I have nothing of interest to write you.  As I came in this place I overtook Esquire Long from Slab Town in this district.  He told me I would [receive] a very strong note in that neighborhood.  He said he had taken beef to your mother.  [I] enquired how Anne was.  Said McBees wife was the heartiest looking lady he ever sawthat he was one day praising her appearance at your mothers, & Mrs. Perry enquired if she was not just as good looking.  I think the old man has made a mistake & took you for Susan, & that it was Susan who made the enquiry.  I had a great notion to tell the old man of his mistake.

	Tell Willie to learn fast & be head when I return.  Tell Anna she must also study hard.  Frank must learn his letters at home.  Good night, yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville