Letter 30
26 November 1845
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I read your letter this evening & was extremely glad to hear you were all well.  If your letters contain nothing else they will nevertheless be read & read with great pleasure.  It would be gratifying to me if I could now take a peep at home & see you & the children.  Tell Will I have been looking at some knives for him & he must write me a postscript to some of your letters.  Col. Ancrum has his little son with him, who is about Wills size & make with hair exactly like Will.  With his back to me I thought of him.  But his face is not so intelligent & manly.

	I carried your watch & pencil to the jeweler this morning & he is to repair them.  I saw some beautiful striped silk dresses today.  Would you like one.  Your shoes I gave to Dr. Davis & he is to exhibit them tomorrow night at the Agricultural meeting.  Mr. Poinsett makes his speech there in the State House.  I saw him yesterday in the Senate for a few moments.  There was a meeting last night of the State Agricultural SocietyJudge ONeall & Butler made speeches.

	In the Legislature not much has yet been done.  We elected Mr. Calhoun today in the place of Judge Huger.  No other election takes place.  Major Earle seems in good spirits.  There are about twenty candidates for Super Intendent.  We have very strong electioneering for Comptroller General.    I have made up my mind to vote for Col. Wigfall.

	The speech I made last Winter on the election of Electors has been put in circulation today amongst the members by someone & I have been complimented by some of the members for it.    Some change will now have to be made on that subject.  I do not know whether my speech has been reprinted or whether the old edition has been put forth by the Chronicle.

	The Rail Road meeting with favour from all quarters.  I have been very busy for two days past in looking up law in McBees case about the gold mine.  Chancellor Johnson wason one point.  I have now furnished him with law sufficient on that point & he will decide in my favour.

	Tomorrow Susan is married & before this reaches you there will be another member added to your mothers family.  When I told Judge Butler of the wedding he enquired if Luther could work.  I told him I rather thought not.  He said that was candid in me.  But if he will be prudent, his father can give him enough to support him through life. [page torn] he must be prudent & Susan alsootherwise in a few years they may sped all he has & be left penniless without the hope of making anything.

	I have nothing further to write you about Wells.  Duncan has refused to sign the petition 7 I think none the better of him for it.

	I am writing in a great hurry & Col. Ware is waiting to take my letter to the Post office.

	Kiss the children & give my congratulations to McBee & Susan.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville