Letter 212
14 December 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[i]d two letters from you this morning dated last Saturday & Tuesday.  They were here last night, but I can never get my letters now till next morning.

	I thank you again for your punctuality as a correspondent.  One of your letters was a very long onethe other acknowledging the receipt of my letter by John Jones a very short one.  Together they made two pretty good letters.  I am glad Hoke has purchased some pork for you.  I expect you were pretty well out of meat.  It is cheaper to purchase pork than bacon, but I suppose we shall have to do both.  Two thousand & three hundred pounds will not be enough.

       Your house will no doubt look very neatly with new carpets & sofas &c.  And I only wish I was there now to lounge on the sofa instead of having to trudge through the rain & mud & darkness to the State House, which is a half mile from the Hotel.  I went down there this morning at ten oclock.  We sat till four & adjourned for dinner.  Now we return at six.  I have just dined andsitting in the parlor & am writing my wife.  This is like a good husband.  I am not at all interested in any of the ladies here, not even Becky Sharp, and did not make her acquaintance although Col. Keith & Mr. [William R.] Tabr of the Charleston Mercury both made the proposition to me.  They are all or nearly all gone now, & we are quiet once more.  What a terrible rumpus young ladies in the market kick up at a Hotel when fifty one are all assembled together.  They make more fuss than gentlemen & shout as much as college boys.

	We adjourn positively on Thursday night & leave Friday morning.  You may expect me Saturday evening with Mr. Duncan.  His carriage & horses will go down one day too soon & have to remain at Donalds.

	I will enclose you all of Annas letters as I have not time to write you any longer.  I hope to hear from you tonight.  You need not write me after receiving this letter as I will be on my way to Greenville.

	I hope you find old Lasly & his girls useful.  Yours truly & affectionately. B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville