Letter 107
Friday morning, [30 June 1848]
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I intended writinglast night but was engaged in Sullivans office examining witnesses in Dr. Andersons case till near eleven oclock.  I have time this morning only to write you a few lines before the mail closes.

	My prospects are growing better every day is the information of my friends.  Major Anderson & Col. Williams tell me that I will only loose ten votes in the village of Laurens.  Captain Cunningham says there are only two persons against me at Waterloo.  Mr. Mills informs me that there is scarcely any division on the Ennoree side of the district from Scuffletown up to the Greenville line.  The information is decidedly more favorable from the Sullivan

	The communication on the Burnl[e]y appropriation has excited Sullivans opposition for me a good deal.  But he was doing all he could before secretly & now he is more open in his opposition.  And in that respect it will be better for me.  He has written a reply to the Herald which you will see.  In fairness he should have published my letter but it contained expressions which did not suit him, so he gave a garbled statement of its contents.

	I shall be here till Sunday.  The Teague case has been postponed but Dr. Andersons case will occupy three days in trying it.

	Mr. Cunningham says that Mrs. C & Pamela are going to Charleston as soon as he returns home.  Mrs. John C. is to return & take charge his household.

	Mr. Mills is about commencing a fine large house in the village of Laurens.  This looks as if he has been successful in his excursions to Greenville.  He is a strong friend of mine & I should be glad to aid him in his election in Greenville if there is any difficulty about it.

	All the democrats in Laurens  [Zachary] Taylor & the Whigs are not for him.  Col. Orr will find himself mistaken.  The Col. Is not here.  Why I know not.

	In great haste.  Yours truly & sincerely, I hope you had a pleasant time with your kindred & that everything went on as well with your household.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville