Letter 58
Tuesday, 24 November 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Your letter was rece[ive]d last night & although a short one I was exceedingly glad to hear from you.  I am gratified to hear that you are pleasantly situated at you Aunts, but you did not mention any thing about the children.  Always tell me how they are & what they are doing.

	I would have written to you last evening but had no an opportunity of doing so before the mail closed.  I wrote a very good letter for the Mountaineer as you requested and gave an account of our Rail Road meeting in Charleston &c &c.

	We met with a considerable accident on Sunday coming to Columbia.  There were three cars filled with members of the Legislature.  I happened to be in the first one.  The car behind ran off & broke the axle tree, pulled off the middle one & twisted the one in front considerably.  Finally the hind most car broke loose & was left behind.  The Engine was stopped, & the second car after great difficulty was extricated from the train.  Fortunately no one was hurt.  All the members had to get into one car & stand up till they reached Columbia, a distance of thirty miles.  The other two cars were badly broken & left behind.  It was too late in the night when we arrived in Columbia.  The cause of the accident was the weakness of the hinder most car.

	I found all of our Greenville members in Columbia & at Gladdens.  They brought no news from Greenville.  Col. Townes brought my drawers & said he had seen Edward & Charles.  Col. T.P. Butler is here but returns home to muster his company.  He says he will go to Mexico if his company accepts the terms, which I am inclined to think they will not.  Major E.D. Earle is here in good spirits & so is Reed.  The candidates for the different offices are without numberthirty-two for messenger, ten or fifteen for Secretary of State & as many for the Superin[tendent of] Public Works.

	I saw Mr. Gilmore Simms & had a long talk with him about his criticism of Pamelas book.  He has written an answer to John Cunningham which he presumes will pacify.  He said he had no idea that the article was written by a lady.

	Mr. Boyce came to me on Monday& saw that some of the Senators had been trying to get Col. Patterson not [to] run for President of the Senate again & if he had consented they intended to elect me.  But that Patterson seemed so anxious about it they did not like to say more to him on the subject.  How would you like to have heard of my election as President of the Senate without, in fact, my knowledge of what was going on?  I have been asked repeatedly since my arrival here if I had no aspiration to the Chancery Bench.

	The prospect of our rail road is brightening.  Col. Memminger called to see me yesterday evening & we were engaged some time in consultation on the subject.  He takes a deep interest in it.  We have another meeting this evening.

	B[enjamin] C[udworth] Yancey has his bride with him at Hunts.  I am going over this evening to see her.  Ben looks well but I saw a tear in his eye when I spoke of his marriagefact is it was in remembrance of his first wife.  It seems disrespectful to the reported companion to take on other scenes like beingor forsaking the memory of her.  Kiss the children for me & give my respects to your  aunts & kin.  Your husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Care of Mr. Edmond Hayne, Charleston