Letter 360
6 May 1856
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from the Board of Trustees, but I will write you a few lines.

	It is probable that I shall not be able to leave here before Tuesday morning.  The cases of mine in the court have been restored & will not [be] argued till Friday.  The Board of Trustees have appointed me on a committee with Col. Memminger, Mr. Barnwell, Governor Means & Col. Dawkins to consider & report all the college difficulties & matters.  This will detain me some days.  The Governor has made up a party for my special benefit, according to past agreement with him, to go down to spend Saturday & Sunday with him.  He would receive no excuse.  The Court of Appeals deliver opinions on Monday.  So I think I shall not be able to leave here till Tuesday.  You must write to me.

	Governor Adams has promised me sixty rifles for Willies company.  He will give me the order tomorrow, and I will have them sent up at once, to Greenville.  This will be good news for Willie to communicate to the Students.  The Governor seems very cordial & says there is not a man in South Carolina he would sooner oblige or prefer having at his House.  He enquired after you & Anna very kindly.  Tell Willie Chancellor Johnston enquired after him very particularly.

	Col. Jones & Flora go up in the morning.  Col. Pickens has just called to see me, but I was at the College.  Col. Memminger introduced me to his two sons who took tea here this morning.  They seem very clever young men or boys.  This evening I speak with Col. Memminger & Professor LeConte.  I have not yet made the acquaintance of Mrs. LeConte.  Captain McCullough said what is very true of herthat she looked too much like she desired the admiration of the world to care much for her husband.  He seems a most amiable & interesting gentleman.

	I saw Mr. Jann[e]y who enquired after all of you & desired Anna to go & stay with his daughters.  He said they had just returned from school.  They said they saw me on the streets, but I did not recognize them.  He seemed very kind.  Captain McCullough is addressing Miss Pickens, so says Col. Watts, hence her curiosity to know what I thought of him.  Flora Jones told me that Miss Sparks was dead but this cannot be so.

	I will try & get Franks company the& him the epaulettes.  Willie & Frank their hats & Anna a prayer book.  I have not spent much money in the purchase of books & have bought only a fewPrescotts, Philip, McCauley, Tre, Washington, Allisons continuation of his History & Rogers Table Talkfifteen or sixteen dollars worth.

	It is all better for me that I cannot be a Judge or do anything else than work for the support of my wife & children.  I do this with a hearty good will & enjoy it, & see more pleasure than if I were in Congress or on the Bench.  My reputation will be better too in the sight of my God & man.  Yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville