Letter 169
12 December 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have but a few minutes to write you.  The Legislature have just adjourned & meet again at six oclock & I am not waiting for dinner.  The children are playing ball in the room.  They have been with me all day in the State House, except when they came here for dinner.

	Yesterday I got the floor after Col. Leitner had spoken.  He spoke very badly, & the House was in  a[t]tentive.  As soon as it was perceived that I had the floor I saw persons begin to sit themselves.  There was some anxiety or curiosity to hear me.  It was known that I differed with the other members in regard to my notions about the Union.  Earlier as profound silence prevailed over the House.  I had spoken but a very short time before I saw the faces of the members turn pale.  They seemed amazed at my boldness and yet felt deeply the force of my argument.  The account or sketch of my speech in the Carolinian is very meagre & imperfect leaving out one half & changing one half of the other half.  I am now writing it out, & will publish it in extensor.  I spoke one hour but did not say half that I intended to say.  It is my purpose to write it out fully.

	Professor Williams of the South Carolina College came to me & said this morning that he gave me his heart as cordially as he did his handthat he was in exstacy with my speech although he did not hear ithis son did.  I saw Col. OHanlon sitting with a face beaming with joy but I have not seen him since.  Mr. Middleton said to me this morning that I had amazed the House with my ultraism & boldness.  I thought so too.  The newspapers have all spoken respectfully of my speech but regret that any one should hold my sentiments.  Col. McGowen [McGowan] replied to me yesterday evening but did not make a very able effort.  Col. Dargan brother of the Chancellor replied this morning & Col. Lyles of Fairfield.  They were all very respectful.  No one is yet elected Governor or Lieutenant Governor.  You will see the vote in the papers tomorrow morning.  Reed has beaten Young for solicitor, & it is a most cruel thing.

       I see Choice is here with Mrs. Walker on their way to Greenville.  They leave in the morning & so do the Townes &.  I saw Mr. Hutson the other day.  We are both on the same committee.  He informed me that he was a relation f my wifes & spoke kindly to the children.  I told the children that he was a blood relation of theirs in his presence.

       We adjourn next Friday week.  that is tomorrow week 20th Inst.  You must start Reuben with the carriage Thursday morning so that he will reach Fulks Friday night.  I shall go up Saturday morning & get there by eight oclock.  This will enable me to reach home Sunday evening.

       Nothing of interest in the Legislature except the debate.  The Legislature will not do much.  I must now stop.  I shall hear from you tonight.  I was very much pleased with your long letter.  When I read it Willie & Frank had gone to bed.  Frank proposed I should read it aloud.  The little fellow listened some time but before I got through with the letter he had gone to sleep.

       I hope to hear from you again tonight.  Yours truly & sincerely, B.F. Perry

P.S. Tell Anna & Fanny that I do not forget them although not mentioned in the body of my letter.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville