Letter 35
Monday night, [8 December 1845]
Columbia

My dear Liz

       I have only time to thank you for your letter Sunday evening.  I obedience to your advice I have written a long letter for the Mountaineer & therefore have no time to write you.  You see what you get by your advice.

	I have been all day today in the court of Appeals until 3 oclock.  Then I went to the Senate & staid there till five.  I have gained Kilgores case in the Court of Appeals & lost one I gained at Laurens.  The other cases have not yet come on.

	I hope you will receive tomorrow the box of fruits sent you, & that it will be in time for your party.  The night you wrote me, you must have read my letter informing you that the fruit was sent.

	You ask about my clothes.  They fit remarkably well.    But I have done so much writing in them that I am afraid of wearing them out.

	Mr. Elias Earle has just called & says he will go up in the morning.  Col. Ancrum was elected today.  But for Maxwells running Earle might have been elected.

	Tell Willy that Col. Sumner is going to write him a letter about the puppy.  He has no puppy yet for him but will have the next time.  I will certainly bring the knife and will as soon as I have leisure write Willy a pretty letter.

	Tell Anna that I will bring her something, but she has had so many dolls, & breaks them so rapidly I do not know soabout bringing a doll.

	Tell Frank that a whip isbrought than a drum & costs a good deal less.  I will bring him a whip.

	I wish to see you all very much & wish that I was going up with Major Earle so that I might be there in time to be at your party.    But, no, I do not care to be at your party.  I rather have the whole of your company to myself when I do return.

	If you do not hear from me by the next mail you need not be surprised.  And you will be so busy entertaining your company that you will not have time to read my letter.  I hope you will have better weather than we now have.  It has rained all day.

	In my letter to Wells you will see an account of a debate we had in the Senate.  I have tried to give quite a spirited sketch.    You will see a complement to the ladies & wives.

	We all had an interview with the governor about Wells case last Saturday.  He has given no answer yet, I think he intends granting a pardon.

	[page torn] I have seen nothing further ofHayne.  I suppose he has returned nor have I been able to visit Taylor & Mrs. Martin & probably will not before I leave.

	I am glad your mother has rece[ive]d her money & hope she will immediately pay Hoke.

	I must conclude this hasty scrabble.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

P.S.  In your next letter I shall look out for aabout the books.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville