Letter 196
29 November 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter written on Sunday & was truly sorry that you had not heard from Anna & myself since we arrived here.  I have written you a good many letters & Anna has written two or three.  But I was apprehensive that my letters had not gone.  The greatest irregularity exists in the mails.

	Anna was to have gone to Charleston this morning but Mr. Trimmier postponed going till tomorrow.  This I am glad of, as it will enable Anna to go & see Mrs. Martin & Mrs. Taylor.  General Martin saw me in the streets yesterday & got out of his carriage to ask me to let Anna stay with him.  He had just heard of her being in Columbia.  Mrs. Martin called to see Anna yesterday but she was out.  On her  She stated that she had called to carry Anna home with him.  They are keeping house.  Today I will carry Anna around there & let her go & see Mrs. Taylor.  Anna is delighted with Columbia.  She has been to see the Lunatic Asylum, Hamptons House, the governor &c.  She went this round with Mrs. Brooks & Mrs. Trimmier and Col. Jno. D. Williams family.

	I was amused the other evening at Annas observation in the drawing room.  There is a courting scrape going on here between two little creaturesMiss  & our little  Dinkins.  Anna & Janneys little daughter were peeping & saw them kiss, saw her slap his face & heard him make some very impertinent remarks.  She told the whole scene & wished to know if that was not very near courting.  I told her I thought it was very near.

	I bought Anna a beautiful medallion for $7.00.  She was very anxious for one as some other little girls had them.  It is intended for a miniature.

	I am very much engaged here & have scarcely a minute to spare.  I am now writing before day.  In fact it is the only time I have to write.  Whilst I am dressing Brockman & someone is in my room till breakfast.  I am engaged on law matters till twelve oclock.  Then I am in the Legislature till near night.  After supper I am at the college till eleven oclock.  Last night I did not go to bed till one oclock.  I was in company with Mr. Petigru & Col. Aldrich.

	Mr. [William Ford] DeSaussure was elected U. States Senator till March yesterday.  Judge [Josiah James] Evans will be elected today for six years.  Cols. Calhoun & Carew of the Senate spoke to Brockman yesterday to feel me about running for Governor in opposition to Col. Manning.  Mr. Middleton of the House came to me about the same time and said he had been requested by some of his friends to enquire of me if I would have the office if elected.  They said the secessionists were all going to vote for me.  I said to Middleton it was an office not to be referred to as sought for but that I did not wish to be voted for.  He said Manning had no pretensions to the office except his property.

	In the Board of Trustees last night we had an interesting discussion in which Mr. Barnwell, Judge ONeall, Col. Manning , Mr. Petigru, Mr. DeSaussure & myself took a part.  There is likely to be a serious rebellion in the college.  One hundred of the students have signed a pledge to quit unless the stewards hall is dissolved.  We meet again tonight.

	I am glad to hear John is out again & that you are all well.  I must now conclude my letter & dress.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville