Letter 425
15 November 1857
Greenville

My dear Daughter

	This is Sunday & I have been to church with your mother.  And was well as I go to Columbia on Saturday.  I will write letters this evening to you, Willie & Frank.  You have not written to me lately.  You promised to do so when your school opened again.  Your mother rece[ive]d a letter from you Friday evening.  I am glad to hear you have entered a high class, & I hope you will graduate in it with a high honor.  You will now be kept so busy in studying that you will not have time to think so much of Home, your dresses & your cough.  Now will you have so much time to write letters.  I think you write too many to your schoolmates, once a month would be often enough to write to them.  You must not neglect your studies for your correspondents.  Always endeavor to write well.  When you write so much you cannot take pains with your letters.  You must direct your next letter to me in Columbia where I shall be for four or five weeks.  If I have time I will write you occasionally & tell you the Columbia news.

	Your mother writes you so often & tells you so much that I have nothing to write about.  She will write you tomorrow & send you a pretty broach with a lock of Susans hair.  She wrote you the other day & sent you Fannies likeness.  She also sent one to Frank.

	Has she also told you that Emma Perry & Hawthorn are to be married on the 11th of December.  I have never seen him & know nothing about him.  Long & Susan Perry will probably make a match also.    They allought to be well switched.

	I hope you will remain single for many years, & learn something about housekeeping before you think of marrying.  I hope too you will not do as they are going to do, marry boysno young man should be allowed to get married till he is in a condition, by his profession or business, to support a wife & family.  Whilst a girl is so young too she is incapable of judging of the character of a young woman. She may marry some, she will be ashamed of as a companion after her mind is matured.  I wish you my dear daughter to improve & cultivate your mind & talents & think nothing of company or society for years to come.

	You have written so much about your cough that your mother is distressed & is afraid you are consumptive.  I tell her that you have a pair of lungs almost equal to a blacksmiths bellows & that she need be in no apprehension.  There is some excin your throat which tickles & gives you the cough.  It will go off after awhile.  But do not expose yourself to the cold & avoid if possible catching cold.  Take exercise in the open air.

	How does Miss LeConte come on.  I shall see her mother on Saturday.  Write to me about her & All the other girls with whom you are intimate.  I wrote Frank he must send his likeness to Misswhom you mentioned desired it.  He says so many young ladies have asked him for his likeness that it will break him.  Surely, Frank is a great favorite about Annapolis.

	We are all well.  Your Poney is well.  John rides him occasionally on errandsotherwise the poor horse would die of eating.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.