Letter 68
Wednesday night, [1846]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	It is now near eleven oclock and I have just returned from the Senate.  You must expect only a few lines.  From ten to three I was engaged in court.  From three I have been engaged in the Senate till ten with the exception of time to get dinner.

	I was disappointed last stage by Mr. Earle.  He says he is going in the morning & will carry this letter. Thomas Butler is here also & William Rowland but they will not go till the next stage.

	Your very welcome letter was recd this evening enclosing [not present] Simms note.  I do not wish you to postpone your party on my account.   I had rather you should have it before my return.  But if you see proper to postpone it untill after I reach home it will make no difference with me.  Your letter did not scold me as much as I expected about the purchase of books.  I hope before this time you have sent your fruit.  The grapes are nice and delicious.

	I shall no doubt surprise you when I inform you that I am a candidate.  The joint committee to nominate Trustees of the South Carolina College has put my name down amongst them.  The Legislature has to vote on it tomorrow.  This was done without my knowledge.  It is considered a high honor.  Dr. Gibbs, Col. Goodwin, General Caldwell & Col. McCord have all been electioneering for it the whole session & are disappointed.  They have not been nominated.  Whilst I have been who never thought of it & was greatly surprised when I heard of the nomination.  The Board of Trustees consists of the most distinguished men in the State.

	I have no time to write you about our legislation.  I should be glad to hear Frank talk a little tonight.  OI hope Will has sent his letter.  Tell Anna if I had time I would write her one.

	Mr. Walker has been sick for three days past, but is better.   He came very near going out as Bob Spurgeon did by hard drinking.    Bob says nothing about it.  I have heard nothing positive from the Governor.

	Mr. Earle has been in my room & just left & it is now near twelve oclock in the night & I must bid you good night my dear wife, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville