Letter 499
3 October 1858
Greenville

My dear Son

	We received a letter from you this week at Annapolis.  It was well written & gave us great pleasure.  But we are sorry to learn that the applicants from South Carolina are rejected.  The rejection of Pearson must have mortified Col. Boyce for the Col. married a Pearson.

	I hope my dear son you will do your post as you promise in your letter towards upholding the character of your state at the naval Academy.  But to do this you must study harder than you did last year & behave better.    Who is your roommate.  A great deal depends on him.  You are such a good natured social fellow that you are easily lead estray by your companions.

	You must write me all about your studies & the school.  I am glad you spoke to Col. Boyce & told him you heard his speech at Greenville.  You must write us good letters & give us an account of your sea voyage as your mother sends your letters to her friends to read.

	James Moore who graduated here when Willie did, has been admitted to the Bar & is going to make a speech with me in a murder case.  John Fowler killed Felix Rodgers below McBees Mill & paper factory.

	We are all well except Anna.  She is not so well as she was.  Dr. Earle is again visiting her.  Hext has a nice little puppy which amuses him very much.  Hayne goes to school & came the other day for ten cents to buy a copybook.  He is going to learn to write before he spells.

	The Furman University does not seem to do as well as it did last year.  Mr. Furman has quit it.  There are not more than half as many students as they had last year.

	You must remember me to Mrs. Green & Mr. Miller.  We were pleased with your pictures of Cheerburgh & Cadiz which were rece[ive]d the other night.

	There is great electioneering going on in Greenville now.  Pinckney Dill is opposing Bob M for ordinary, McDade & Runnion are for tax collector. Ashmore & Vernon for Congress.  Col. Jones has withdrawn.  The election takes place next Monday tomorrow week.  I suppose Stokes, Campbell, Easly & myself will be elected to the Legislature.  But I have done nothing to secure my election.  Your affectionate father, B.F. Perry

Frank Perry
Annapolis