Letter 627
28 September 1861
CampVa.

Dear Papa

	I have received several letters from you and Ma since I have last written to you.  My delay in writing has been owing to the absolute impossibility of getting anything to write with.  The greater portion of our company, and the other cavalry Companies together with all the infantry and artillery were ordered to move last Friday.  We came down to this point, about 3 miles from the river, and about ten miles from the Camp, expecting to go immediately into a fight, but it seems that we came down to protect a battery on the river which the Artillery have erected.  The Battery was completed and opened [fire] on several steamers lying in the river.  On Wednesday the Cavalry immediately saddled and went to the scene of action to support the Artillery in case the enemy attempted a landing, but they did not attempt it and after the cannonading between the battery and the vessels had continued off & on for 4 or 5 hours, it stopped and we came back.  One of the enemys steamers was struck 3 times and one was crippled.  No damage was done to our side.  The Battery consisted of two [of] our rifled cannon & the big guns taken at Manassas called Long Tom.  This Battery has been removedin fact it was a feint in order to draw the attention of the enemy from a larger battery which is now nearly completed some few miles lower down the river at Evansport.  This latter battery is almost ready to open.

	We came down here expecting to stay only a week, and only brought about half our tents, but it seems likely that the whole camp will be moved down here.  My new tent & things are at the old camp & I will not move them until I find out whether we are going back there or not.    There are some 15 or 20 of the company at the old camp & the rest down here.  Wiley is here. I want you to send by Ferguson a pen & some ink.  I find that I need these occasionally.  While Williams is sick I have been acting as orderly Sergeant and it requires some writing.  Our Company is almost without Officers.  Gaillard & Moore at home & Prince sick.  I got a letter from you & ma by Oscar Mauldin who has arrived here safe after being 10 days on the way.    Greenfield came a few days before & brought me the shirts & drawers & Wileys pants.  There were two pairs of drawers.  I would like Ma to send me one more pair of red flannel drawers.  There is no news of any consequence to write you.  I will now close.  Give my love to all.  Tell Grandma I am much obliged to her for the buggy she is going to give me and hope it wont be long before I get to ride in it.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. I dont expect you to get the bill I sent by Ferguson changed into Silver.  All I want is smaller bills if you cant do better.  Since writing the above Mr. Stairley expects to go home, having received news of his wifes sickness, so I will send this letter by him.  Bill Beattie says tell his family that he is well.  Ed Stokes is well.  So is everybody except Westmoreland who has been pretty sick, but doing very well now.

Benjamin Perry
Greenville