Letter 10
24 October 1843
Anderson C.H.

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines tonight as I expect Col. Town[e]s will leave for Greenville in the morning.

	It is altogether uncertain when I shall be at home.  We are now in the midst of a case of perjury, which excites considerable interest, & will take the greater part of tomorrow.  I think our defendant will be acquitted.  His name is Clardy. You heard of the case some three or four weeks since.

	  I have been employed as assistant consul in a case of slander.  Our client is a very pretty young woman, who sues a neighbor woman for imputing to her a wont of chastity.  We expect to recover heavy damages.  The appearance of the young woman will be much in her favour, I hope, with the Judge & Jury.  Almost everyone would be more disposed to punish another quicker for slandering a pretty woman than an ugly one.

	You need not be surprised if I bring home with me another servanta man about 18 or 20  years oldsmart & good lookingblack colour about the colour of Lynda.   He is uncommonly smartraised in N. Carolinasold for debt & the only negro owned by his masterhis name is Jim.  What think you of the name?  But you we may distinguish by calling one Jamesprice $700 in Rail Road stocks.  However the bargain is not yet completed.

	I have been very uneasy about you & the children ever since I left home.    I hope however that the grippe has passed you by.  Everybody here is unwell with itnever heard of an influenza so general in my life.    I wish you would write me by the return mail how you all are.  I will get your letter Thursday morning.  You can write a few lines after receiving this letter before the mail closes.

	Judge Butler showed me a letter he read on Monday from his little daughter.  She is quite well & writes very well for a child of 9 years old.  The letter was only five lines.

	I saw Mrs. Dr. Haynsworth & her son pass through here in the stage this morning on their way to Greenville to Mrs. EliasEarle.  What a melancholy visit they must pay.   Poor Eliassorry for him but ten times more for his wife.

	Judge Earle has resigned & requested Judge Butler to inform me of it.  He asked Judge Butler who he thought should take the place.  Judge B. told me, he thought I would make a very good Judge.  I replied that I thanked him, but should not be a candidate.  I feel much flattered to be thought so well of by both Judge ONeall & Judge Butler & I have no doubt Judge Earle would have agreed with them.

	I shall endeavour to be at home on Friday night if not sooner.  If Col. Cox should send to take away Exception to winter her, tell the boy I have changed my mind & will keep her at home.  I am afraid some accident may Happen to her if sent off.

	In great haste as I have to prepare tonight for my speech tomorrow.  Kiss the little children for me.  I do hope they have no more of the grippe.  I am pretty well myself.  I hope the servants are all doing wellespecially Lynda.  Tell her I have seen aunt Emily & that she made enquiry after her.

	Good night my dear Liz.  God bless youyou & the children.  [Signature cut off].

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville