Letter 656
23 March 1863
Greenville

My dear Liz

	Mr. Barton surprised me very much yesterday.  I thought something had happened to some of you.  He staid with me last night & this morning found his money at Holdmans.   A little girl found the Bill whilst sweeping the floor.  I am very glad for it would have been a serious loss to the poor man.

	Willie returned from Columbia Friday night & will go to Glencoe tomorrow or next day if the weather is good.  Perhaps I may go with him.  If so you & the children had betteer come down with us & go back again.  But I dont think you ought to leave the children there by themselves.  But I will write more about this when Willie goes up.

	We are all well & doing well.  But we have had bad weather & cant do much in the garden.

	This is court week but we shall have no Judges & no court. I would like to come up & stay but I am making something here almost evrery day & my little helps these hard times.

	You had better engage the lard of Carruth.  I should like to have a bushel or two more of Irish potatoes.  I will send money by Willie to pay for the corn.   I think I can make out for money although I have bought Ha note.   Williams endorsed the note which makes it beyond dispute and really I do not wish to keep Confederate money or Confederate Bonds if I can get nothing good.

	I tried to get nails & found them one dollar a pound.  I will not puerchase at that price except enough to make the door of the Smioke House.  The roof can be put on very well without nails.  Have the cracks betqween thewall daubed with clay & the smoke kouse will do very well for the present.  You ought to have the floor made of& then dirt asthrown over the.  This will make a very nice floor & the best for a smoke House.  Theyou can pick up around thehouse or take those you have haulked out the garden.  Dont hinder the men from clearing & ploughing.  They must not lose a day.  I am sorry the hauling of the corn will iake so long to haul, but that cannot be helped.  We must have corn.  Tell Alfred to be very careful of the corn & use it sparingly.

	I have nothing more to write you, & Mr. Barton has just come into my office.

	I want to see you & the children very much & it is a great deprevation to be without ouy.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. No war news of any great consequence.  A fight on the Rappahannock where Willie has been & 250 of our men killed, wounded & captured.  No attack on Charleston yet.  To the West we have been successful in two or three places.  But the enemy is getting a very large army in Tennessee. There will be bloody battles fought this spring everywhere.  Willie will not get back to the army till the last of April.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe