Letter 417
11 October 1857
Harvard College

Dear Mamma

	I received several letters from you during the past week.  The first thing I do is to congratulate you on Franks admission into the Naval Academy.  I am as pleased at his good fortune As you are, though I tried to console you by saying that it was all for the best.  I received three letters from Frank almost in succession, the first telling me of his rejection, the second of his being reexamined, by the medical board, and the last of his being admitted by the Academical board, and consequently being a midshipman.  He says the first thing we hear of him, he will be Commodore Perry.  The first medical board must have been very unjust.  I knew of his success before I received Pas letter, which was post-marked Columbia, from which I thought that Pa must be in Columbia, until I opened it.

	The oldest Memminger, Parker, from Charleston who is in the Scientific school here, and myself all dined with Mr. Winthrop in Boston yesterday.  He is one of the distinguished men of Boston, and was speaker of the House in Congress.  He said he had read Pas speech before the Institute in Charleston.  He was very kind, and said we must call to see him frequently.  Col. Memminger introduced his sons and me to him when he was in Boston, and he showed us the Library and curiosities of the Massachusetts Historical Society.

	Our catalogue is out, and I will send one by the same mail with this letter, and you can have the pleasure of seeing my name in print, and at full length.  I went last night to hear the celebrated Lola Montes deliver a lecture.  I saw your friend Mr. Davis there, but only at a distance, this is the first time that I have ever had a glimpse of him.

	Today is Sunday.  I will have to write to Frank, and Anna also.  I saw Franks name in a paper, as one of those admitted to the naval Academy and I must tell him of it.  I have nothing to tell about myself.

       I got Mr. Earle, the tailor that I wrote you about, to make me a pair of dress pants and a vest to wear to Mr. Winthrops yesterday.  They cost $16.  My washing will cost about $15 a term, or twenty weeks.  Besides I have to pay 50 cts a week to a man who blacks my boots, makes fires, and tends on my room.  The tuition fees are $37 a term.  At the end of the term a bill of the tuition fees, book-bill and coal, is made out, and we are allowed until the beginning of the second term to pay.  I think this would be the best way to do. As I would have more money then.  But if he wishes. I will pay the bill now.  I have nothing more to write.

	I hope you feel better now, since Frank has been admitted.

	Give my love to Fannie, Hext, and Hayne.  I am glad that Arthur is better.  I hope he is well by this time.  I was very much surprised to hear of Wileys marriage, but hope that he will continue to do well.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville