Letter 22
Sunday morning, [ca. 22 December 1844]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter yesterday morning informing me of yourto me been veryto meet me, & spend the Christmas with the family, and as you seem so anxious about going, I have no objections.  But I should enjoy myself more to meet you & the children at home.  I never spend my time very pleasantly at Mr. Cunninghams for I am always confined too much to the House.  There is such a sameness y=to the days.  They are all alikeno new placesnew thingsnew faces.

	I have no doubt you would find a change & a journey pleasant and agreeable you may therefore go down there as soon as you please & stay till I arrive.  But I cannot stay more than one or two days.  We will take Christmas dinner with them & start home the next day or the day after.  This is the condition on which we go [page torn] not act there as you did once before & refused to come home when I desired you.    I felt mortified & degraded then, & actually cried in secret until my heart almost broke.    It has ever since made me feel unpleasant when I thought of it.  And I did, at that time, vow it should be the last time I would ever set my foot in the House.    For they were altogether too& urgent about our stay.

	Before you go down you must make Jim haul wood and see that there is plenty of shucks, fodder & corn for the cattle.  He will know how to procure it of uncle Feaster.  Do not start in bad weather.  If you go to Goldsmiths the first day you had better start about one oclock.  The next day you must make an early start for it is a long days drive.  Do not let Jim drive too fast.

	If the weather is suitable I wish the hogs killed before you go.  They are eating too much corn.  Have them killed and the meat all taken care of.

	[page torn] I had no objection to your lending Yancey my horse & buggy, but you should have written to me about it.  Never keep anything concealed from your husband.  You are so much in the habit of keeping me in ignorance of everything at home when I am absent, that I am loosing confidence in your letters.  When I receive a letter, & have no assurance that you are all wellthat nothing has happened.  The most extraordinary, or the most serious matters may have occurred & yet you do not write about them.  The death of my father two years since, you kept from me.  Such conduct is wrong & it destroys the interest I take in the reception off your letters.

	If you go to Mr. Cunninghams you must send the carriage to Laurens C. House for me.  I shall probably be at Laurens C.H.  Sunday, the 22nd of December.  I will then stay at Cunninghams, Monday, Tuesday & Wednesday.  Christmas falls on Wednesday & we will start home Thursday morning.  Longer I cannot stay.    You had better start down a week or ten days before or as soon as you please.  I hope to hear from you again tonight, & if so, I will write you on [page torn] should anything occur.

	P.S. I have just seen your letter by Butler Thompson and your anxiety about going to Mr. Cunninghams seems to increase & I am afraid you will be off before you receive this letter.   I am very willing you should do as you please about the matter.  If you wish to go you can do so.    But I do not think you should do down so soon as you speak of doing.  It would hardly be worthwhile to send Jim home.  It would look too much like you were going to take up your board with them.  I am willing for you to pay them a visit, but let it be a visit.  If you start down there on Monday the 16thI am sure it will be soon enough.  And you too will get tired of your stay.  I dont think you should manifest such an anxiety to stay so long from your home, your mother & sisters & that to a visit with persons not at all related to us.  As to Pamelas pressing invitations you know they are given to everyone.  And you must remember too that you have to return the compliment & ask Pamela to stay with you next summer.  Unless you do so, it would be mean to go there.

	As to my coming home, & going down to Cunninghams after you that is out of the question.  I will call there for you on my way up from, Columbia.

	I have taken yup so much space in writing about your visit that I have not room enough to write about other matters.  And I have been thinking so much about it that other matters have gone from my memory.

	I have just read to torch light procession in the Mountaineer.  It is quite magnificent.

	I dined with Dr. Gibbes the other day & was much pleased with the entertainment.  I have spoken of his collection of minerals paintings & curiousities in a letter to the Mountaineer.

	In the Temperance Advocate you will see a very handsome compliment paid my address.  I have bought some few books & amongst them the Gift for 1845 containing Simms story about Greenville.  I had to buy it.

	I am glad to hear you are getting on well with all the servants & children.  But in your last two letters you seem to have forgotten about the children.

	But it is late in the night & I must close this letter.  Kiss the children for me & believe me your affectional husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville