Letter 427
22 November 1857
Columbia

My dear Son

	I arrived here last night at twelve oclock.  The cars ran off & the Engine was broken to pieces about twenty miles above Columbia.  But none of the passengers were injured.  We had to remain on the road two till ten oclock in the night without anything to eat or drink.  The Conductor had to send down to Columbia & get a car to come & take us.

	I left your mother & the children all well.  We received a letter from you the evening before I left home & one also came to Annie McBee from you.    I hope my dear son that you will study hard & be obedient to all the rules & regulations of the school & navy.  You are much younger than your classmates & will therefore have to study harder.

       Mrs. Doctor Butler is very anxious to get her son Thomas in Lanes place.  She has written to General Bonham & requested me to speak to him on the subject.  Dr, Randall Croft wishes to get his son ibn the naval school as soon as he is old enough.  You see therefore what a desirable position you have & how many would be glad to have it.  You ought consequently to consider yourself very fortunate & try hard to improve & keep up with your class.

       Mrs. Doctor Williams is trying to get Campbell in at the military school here.  Mrs. Speers & Mr. Dyer & George Wells are also contending for the situation.  The selection is made this week.  Two go this year from Greenville.  A young man by the name of Wilson who lives with H Cleveland and Doctor Bell have also spoken to me about the situation.  Doyley & Garmany from Greenville graduate this Fall.  Doyley has taken an honor & graduates with distinction.  I hope you will do so when you graduate.

       I suppose your mother has written you that someone attempted to break open your Grandmothers house one night last week.

       When I left home Spartan Goodlett was very ill with typhoid fever.  He was hardly expected to live.  There have been a great many deaths in Greenville this summer & Fall with typhoid fever bowell complaint.

       I sent you before leaving home four of my printed likeness which you may give to Mrs. Green, Mr. Miller & some of your young friends.  If you want any more of them I can send them to you.  I have not had time to have my daguer[re]otype taken for you.

       You must write me as often as you can whilst I stay in Columbia which will be for four or five weeks.  Your letters are very interesting to me, as you take everything good naturedly & joyously.  That sort of disposition will carry you through the world & make you have a happy life.  How much better it is than to be complaining & grumbling at everything that happens.

       I hope Anna will now be better satisfied since her school has open[ed] again.  Willie seems to be doing well & studying hard.

       I will write you whenever I have time, but I shall be very busy here in the court of appeals & the Legislature.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

B.F. Perry, Jr.
Annapolis