Letter 419
17 October 1857
Harvard College

Dear Papa

	I received your letter the other day and as I have written several times lately, I will now write you a few lines to let you know how I am getting on.

	I have nothing of importance to write.  The weather seems to be turning to regular winter weather, but I see by the Patriot that you have also had frost.

	I am glad that Mas distress about Frank has been relieved.  I got a letter from him the other day, and he seems well satisfied.  I have just received a letter from Anna, and she seems to be getting on very well.  I want you to tell me how you went from New-York to Burlington.  I want to stop & see Anna before I go home, but I dont know exactly how to go, as I did not pass through Burlington.

       I sent you a catalogue from which you will see that the vacation commences on the 20th of January.  I am much obliged to you for your permission to stop in Washington.  It is just what I would like, as I want to see the distinguished men of the country.

       Mom said that I ought to study Mathematics.  The reason I have dropped it, is this.  According to the rules, if a student takes a modern language (as French) and Mathematics, he must drop either Latin or Greek, and I knew that you wanted me to study the ancient languages in preference to Mathematics.  Mem[m]inger and myself have both taken French.  I saw Mr. Joe Long Wednesday.  I was very much surprised to see him, as I thought he had gone home.  He said that Sue Hoke did not come by Boston, but had gone home.  He sent my trunk on by the express from Columbia and paid for it himself, so you had better pay him for it.  He has a cousin in the Law school here, who he introduced me to, and who seems to be a clever young man.  He left the next day, and I suppose has reached home by this time.

       Today is Saturday.  Some of you must write to me on Monday always, as it is the letters written on Monday, and not those written on Sunday that reach me on Saturday.  I would like to hear as often as possible from home.

       I suppose you know more about the great money crisis than I do.  A great many of the richest men in Boston have failed.  The Boston Banks have suspended for the present, but will soon resume payments again I suppose.
       I hope the children are well, and servants and horses.  Fanny says that you are going to get another horse, and a mule for a fee; what are you going to do with them

       I will now close.  Your affectionate Son, [William Hayne Perry]

P.S. There was a student named Perry in College last year, but he has quit, and I dont [know] whether he was any relation to us, or not.

Mr. B.F. Perry
Greenville