Letter 188
3 May 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I recd your long and most acceptable letter this evening & as you have been so good in writing my mail, I will do the same.

	I have just taken my supper & did have some idea of going to the theatre, but it is raining & the house would be unpleasant.  Willie is reading the Scottish Chiefs.  I read to him your letter.  He assisted me this morning in endorsing my briefs.  Judge Frost recognized him as my shadow.

	The court commenced the trial of my cases this morning.  We disposed of three of them.  Tomorrow the Court of Errors, which includes the Chancellors & law Judges sits on two more of my cases.  I hope to get through Wednesday & start home Thursday morning.  You may expect me to rouse you up about twelve oclock Thursday night.  But I will write you again tomorrow.

	I am glad the children enjoyed themselves so well on May day.  But I was sorry to hear that you had fatigued yourself.  I hope it has all passed over.  I am afraid to that the children may feel the effects of their potion.  You ought to take care of Mary.  She is such a beast that she will have no care of herself.  It may be slow fever, which is my greatest of terrors.  Do not commence your house cleaning.

	I hope Reuben and Charles are getting on pretty well with the farm.  Mr. Barrett was to send me some fodder.

	General Thompson left here this morning with his wife & sister in law.  They go on home & he returns to Columbia tomorrow.  No appointment of Senator will take place for ten or fifteen days.

	Col. Dudl[e]y came this morning & told Willie he would give him a keepsake to remember his fathers friend by.  I will get the articles you wish oranges & cocoa candy.

	I hear theof my resolutionsevery day.  Henderson of Laurens came down this evening & said
all the secessionists he met preferred them to the report of the Committee.

	I have nothing new to write you.  Most of the persons have gone from Columbia & this House quite deserted except by clerks & shop keepers, who are regular boarders.

	Every time I see a little baby I recall Hext to my minds eye. Tell Anna & Frank & Fanny that I think of them very often and you, my dear wife, are constantly in my thoughts & heart.  Good night, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville