Letter 37
Tuesday night, [10 March 1846]
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I am afraid from the progress yet made in Court, that I shall be detained here till Sunday.  I have four cases here of great importance & no prospect of reaching any of them before Thursday or Friday.  And I cannot think of leaving before the last is disposed of.

	I saw Mr. Cunningham here today.  He was indicted in court for an assault & battery.  But the case was compromised, and he got off with a fine of one dollar.  He informed me that Miss Pamela had been extremely ill last week that he had despaired of her living, but that she was now better.  She was last week worse than she ever had been & Dr. Arnold was sent for.

	I will send you the Laurensville Herald which contains my communications & the remarks of the Editor.   He has treated my explanation very fairly & published my speech.  I am entirely satisfied with the result.

	Judge Wardlaw is holding court here & seems sad no doubt mourning for the loss of his wife.  He mentioned a shocking piece of news in regard to General McDuffies negroestwo of them were brought in the other day dead.  had been whipped & tarred to death by his driver & overseer.  He says that McDuffie has had some fifteen or twenty slaves in chains for some time past.  They work in chains & at night are locked up.  Such cruelty is more is worthcan cover.  I am pleased at Judge Wardlaws notions about the government of slaves.  The correspond with my own.

	General Thompson is here but is not going on to Washington until after the courts are over.  He says he is very much distressed about Butlers eye & thinks he may loose the sight of it.

	Mr. Cunningham told me there was no prospect of Ben Yanceys getting married.  I expect he has been kicked.   He said he wished him very much to marry Miss Perwho is now staying with Pamela.

	I hope you are doing well in your garden & will have everything in nice order when I return.  You had better plant such seeds as the season suits.  Send & get a paper of carrots & parsnips & plant.

	Tell Jim &I want to see a great deal done at the Farm on my return.  Let the ground all be broken up & ready for planting corn next week.  Tell them that next week I wish everything ready carry out the manure.

	Kiss the children for me & say to them that I forgot to kiss them when I was startingand that I have thought of the omission often.  It would give me great pleasure to be with you all tonight, & hear them fret & crying in the morning.  I do not know how much I love you all [page torn] I am absent from you.

	It is now late in the night & I must go to bed.  If I have time I will write you by Fridays mail.

	The prospects of the Rail Road are dull, but it is said that a good deal of stock will be taken in Laurens during the summerand also in Newberry.  I hear $100,000 has been taken in Charleston, but I am afraid it is too good news to be true.

	My dear wifegood night.  Mr. Wells will leave here in the morning for Greenville & perhaps may carry this letter.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

P.S.  We are all shocked to hear that President Tyler & his wife had separated.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville