Letter 129
Friday evening, [11 May 1849]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just received your letter and was much gratified to hear you were all well.  I had been invited by Col. Wigfall to drink wine with himself & Col. Manning & left the table when the mail was opened to get your letter.  The insisted on my not going but I said I expected to hear from you.

	I have but a short time, as I have to go down to the college immediately after tea to hear the Senior Class speak.  I was there last night till eleven oclock & as a trustee occupied quite a
conspicuous seat amidst the Professors & Judges, surrounded by a crowded gallery of Ladies & gentlemen.  The students performed well, and the college is in a most prosperous state.

	I arrived here Wednesday evening just in time to take my seat at the Board of Trustees and we were kept sitting until after eleven oclock.  We met again next Wednesday nightno election of Burser yet.  There are about twenty candidates.  I had hardly got out of the stage when Dr. Davis called to electioneer with me.  I told him I had to vote for Anderson but if he withdrew I would support him.

	I have been today performing a duty imposed on Mr. Withers, Col. Manning & myself as a committee of the Board of Trustees to Report on the communications recd from the President & Professors.  Tomorrow night I am invited by Col Preston to go round to his house & eat strawberries.  He wishes the Trustees to meet the senior class at his house.

	I have not yet, & am afraid I will not reach any of my cases in the court of Appeals, for a week or ten days.  In fact there is some danger of having to stay here till the last of the month.  But for my duty as Trustee I should return home & come back again.

	None of the lawyers from my circuit will be here before Monday.  We will then determine what to dowhether to wait or postpone our cases.

	I came down all alone on the stage to Newberry.   There I was joined by Mr. Pope & two young menone of them comes down to be admitted to the Bar.  Tom Jones & Players son Daniel came up last night to apply.  Jones looked so plain I hardly knew him.  He has cut off all his beard, & laid aside his fine clothes, & looks like a different being.  He says I must give him a certificate of moral character as he is better acquainted with me than any other lawyer here.  [James L.] Petigrus son does not seem promising.

	I sawButler & delivered his letters & bundles.  The package to H. Thurston I sent [page torn] Summer, who enquired for his little friend as soon as he spoke to me.    He seems to have been very much taken with Willie.  I have not seen or heard from Taylor.  General Bonham enquired after you all.  He seems very happy & talks about his anxiety to get back home again.

	I will write you again on Monday next.  Tell Jim as soon as he has finished replanting to plant the new ground, & sow the herds grass in the wet places, where it is too wet for corn.

	I will execute all your commissions contained in your letter.  Tell Will I will bring him the ball &c.  If Will goes to school again, make him come home at twelve oclock.  Take care of yourself & the children, my dear wife, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville