Letter 256
25 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I received your very short letter this morning dated last Monday morning.  Your letters come much quicker than they did some weeks since.  General Thompson has been lodging complaints against the Post office in Charleston with the Post Master General.  But a short letter from you is better than none.  To know that you & the children & servants are all well is sufficient for a good letter from home.

	I am getting on very slowly on the Gardiner case, but think from present appearances that he will be acquitted.  I am afraid however that the testimony will take so long that I shall not be able to argue the case & get home to Greenville Court.  You may expect me Sunday night before court.  I can leave here Wednesday morning & get home Saturday night next Wednesday week.  This seems a long time to look forward to returning home.  General Thompson says I am acquiring fame & will get a good fee.

	I met this morning Frank Key a lawyer the son of the author of the Star Spangled Banner who told me there was no doubt of our acquitting Gardiner.  This seems to be the general sentiment.  Thompson says the case will give me a national reputation & be of service to me at home.  I despair occasionally & then I am in better spirits.

       This being good Friday there is no court as I wrote you last night.  I went up to the daguerreotypist to get the ring you requested.  He had none that were pretty but said he would send to get an assortment tomorrow.  I am to call Monday morning.

       General Thompson rece[ive]d a letter from Mrs. Thompson this morning & she mentioned seeing you at church Sunday.  She writes more constantly now than she did at first.

       I am to analyze the testimony in the Gardiner case today, & make out the heads of my arguments nor have I much to write & will therefore make this a short letter.

       I hope you will write more about the children & tell them to behave themselves or you will write they are not good.  I hope the children were pleased with the medals sent them.  I think Mr. Beatty might have come to see you & tell you about seeing me.  I am glad you are pleased with the broach & are wearing it.  The eyes have a sleepy appearance& I was afraid you would notice it.  I wish I could have your likeness taken for myself in a handsome locket.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville