Letter 702
16 September 1865
Columbia

My dear Lizzie

	It is now ten oclock & I have just returned from dining with Col. Campbell.  Willie has gone to bed.  Tell Fannie that I have the sitting room as my parlor, & the music room on my right as my bed room.  Willie has the opposite music room for his chamberthe parlor between us & doors opening into it.  I am really situated as a Governor should be on the second floor with a fine chamber.a parlor which is full of visitors from breakfast till bed time.  All the distinguished men of the city & convention have called to see me.This morning General Huger & Chancellor Dunkin called.  The General told me he was a grandfather.  Mrs. Preston has a son.

	I have never been so constantly engaged before & have had no time to write you or visit anyone.  I have only been out of the Hotel twice since I have been here.  I met Miss Maggie in the Streets & she spoke of going up with me.  I have not seen Lula nor has Willie.

	They said Willie read my message very well.  He has been appointed Chairman of a committee to investigate an election at Beaufort with Henry Gourdine & Col. Ball.  I have just read his report & it is very good.  He submitted a Bill of Rights this morning to the Convention.  So you see he is doing something.

	My friend Janney & others tell me that it is unanimous that I go into the Senate.  My message has been well recei[ve]d.  Willie has written a letter for the Enterprize.

	I have had a return of my complaint since I came here, but it is over now.  Had a very pleasant dinner party at Col. Campbells this evening.  Saw Mrs. Richard Stone who enquired after you.  Col. Isaac Hayne looks as if he was in the last stage of Consumption.  General Martin wrote to me to give him some message to carry to Washington.  I have not seen or heard from your uncle Arthur.

	Just as I was going to the Convention today in came Janney with a pack of letters & I was kept busy from one till five oclock in reading them.

	The Convention is getting on slowly, but I think will end this session the ensuing week.

	Tell Fannie I rece[ive]d her letter by Mr. Mills.  You may tell the people that the Post Master General has sent me contracts to all the rail Roads for carrying the mail next week.  You will have mails.

	It is so late I must close.  The Hotel is a first class one & the table fine.  Your affectionate husband & Governor, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville