Letter 11
20th May 1844
Columbia

My dear Liz

	The mail closes tomorrow morning, & in the morning I shall be busy, so I must write you tonight.  It is better to hear from me a day too soon than not at all.  I hope to hear from you tomorrow evening.  If I do not I shall be sadly disappointed.

	I have made a considerable purchase of Books, Law & miscellaneousand Mr. Carter the Book Seller is so much pleased with my custom that he has made you a handsome present.  I do not know what it is.  But it is a large book of pictures.  He has wrapped it up & put it with my other books.  I thought it would not be decent to ask him what it was.  It looks like it might be Lady Bles[s]ingtons book of Beauties.

	I have been trying to get a hat for Willie, but they are rather small.  I think you must have given me too large a measure.  I see some beautiful Leghorn hats about one inch smaller than your measure.  Write me whether they will do.  It seems to me that they will.

	I saw Col. Herndons wife the other daymet her & him in the street.  She is good looking, genteel & rather handsomeand possesses an intelligent face.  Her appearance was simple & modest & I was pleased with the glance I had of her and must go & call on her before I leave.

	I saw General [Waddy] Thompson this morning in Court.  He goes on Thursday next.  I have seen nothing of Mrs. Thompson since I wrote you.  Nor have I seen Taylor or wife & family.

	I do not know when I shall return.  It is very doubtful whether any of my cases will be reached at all this court.  I may stay till the last of next week & all for nothing.

	I have drawn the Bill of Equity for Mr. Watson againstMayrant but Chancellor Harper is sick & they are not likely to have any court at Sumter.  It is very doubtful whether Chancellor Harper will ever be able to take the circuit again.  He is now at the Glenn Springs & has not been able to come here.    Judge ONeall is also unwell, but is in court.  Judge Evans looks very wellenquired particularly after you.  Judge Frost looks well.  I told him I thought his Judicial honours agreed with him.  Judge Butler looks a little rough.

	We have now a fine rain falling and it has been pleasant every day since I have been here.  Mr. Young has gone to Charleston & says he may not be able to pay me.  If he does not [page torn] be short of friends.

	I have bought one ream of Law paperalso a very neat little storing or dressing case with all the appurtenances.

	What presents shall I bring you & the children?  A doll for Annahat for Willa rattle for Frankand Mr. Carters Book of pictures for you?  Will that do?

	I want to see you & the children very much.  How often I think of you in the midst of business and I have been very busy since I have been here!  Mr.has sent me some cases to attend to in the Court of Appeals & says that I shall be well paid if successful.  Leitner has sent me some for Town[e]s.  And Young has left some of his for me.  So I am a sort of general agent.  Good night, your truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville