Letter 632
26 November 1861
Virginia

Dear Papa

	I wrote you last by Mr. Stairley.  At that time I was not well, and I am sorry to say that I am not quite well yet.  Dr. Long says my Liver is out of order.  I concluded that I would not stay in Camp, so the other day I came out to a house in the country, about 6 miles from Camp where I am now.  It is a very good place.  Dr. Long has given me 3 Blue pill[s] to take one every night for 3 nights which he says will bring me right again.  He says I will be well in 3 or 4 days.  There is nothing particular new in camp.  The report is that the enemy are advancing or are going to advance in 3 columns upon the Evansport Battery.  If this were true you might look out for a fight, but this same report has fooled us so often before that I wont believe in it till I see it.  Though Gen. [William H.C.] Whiting who commands the forces which protect the Battery says he has no doubt at all but that we will have a fight soon.  He seems to expect the enemy to advance on the Battery at any moment.  Whenever the fight does come off the Hampton Legion will be certain to be in it.  I only hope it wont come on for a few days until I get well.  As it is probably the only fight we will get into I would not miss it on any account.  I am very glad to hear about that vessels bringing a load of arms into Savannah.  I heard it several days ago but did not hardly believe it, as I had seen nothing of it in the newspapers.  The arms certainly came just in the nick of time.  Col. Elford I suppose will have a chance of doing some service after all.  I have not heard yet who Elford has appointed on his staff.  Dr. Jones I believe says he was offered the position of Surgeon.  I have heard that Dr. Crook was to be surgeon, and that Charley ONeal was to be Adjutant.

	 The scare in Charleston must be a great thing for the Hotels in Greenville, as so many persons are coming up.  It will be the same as if the summer travel and custom was kept up the whole year round.  I received the pants you sent by Dr. Austin.  Iva Williams has taken the measures of the company for a new uniform, and he is going home in a few days to cut them out.  The cloth I believe is to be made by Mr. Grady and is just like what he made for the Butler Guards.  Mr. Williams will cut it out and have the uniforms, and Ma can either get Mr. Dyer to make it or make it herself.  I must close.  Give my love to all.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville