Letter 59
26 November 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Your second letter was rece[ive]d last night & gave me great pleasure to hear from you.  But I was surprised you had not heard from me.  My letter was certainly in the Post office when you wrote.  You must not wait for me to write you in answer.  This you know I would do most cheerfully if I had time.  But really between the Legislature, the courts, & calls of company I have not a moment to spare.   I have been wishing to go to the theatre & to see The Painting again, but have not time.  The night you declined the Miss Elliotts invitation I had to walk a half mile down to the College in the night & back after ten oclock.  The wind was terribly cold.  The Board of trustees meet again Monday night.

	You seem to think you will be short of money.  You know, my dear Liz, I will get you more if you desire it.  Make yourself easy on that score & if you see anything you desire, purchase it, & write me & I will send you the money.  It gives me great pleasure always to gratify the wishes of my wife in every particular.  I know how pleasant it to purchase little things which we fancy.

	There is one thing which I wish you to do for me and you must do this.  As you pass through Columbia you must let Clark Mills take your bust.  It will look handsome & be much better than a portrait.  I have had mine taken.  He came to me roomtook a brush & put on my face a sort of paste which dried in a few minutes& fell off as complete mould for a likeness.  The is not disagreeable.  He says I will see the finest likeness I ever saw.  I saw Mrs. David J. McCords.  It is very fine & looks well.  The price is $25 & $35.  You may have copies for $5.00 or $7.50.  The busts of Judge Johnson  & Elmore are admirablealso of Petigru. Preston, Judge Cheves & Hampton.

	I have paid Mr. Carter $200 for my book bill.  also paid over the money recd of Butler Thompson.  Whilst I was sitting for my bust Dr. Teague came in & paid me $50 in part towards a counsel  fee.  I thought the visit very opportune.

	General Thompson & the Greenville delegates think I can be elected Chancellor but I do not.  Col. Ashe said he would vote for me in preference to any of the candidates.  Col Fair has suggested me for President of the Bank in place of [Franklin Harper] Elmore who will be elected U. States Senator.  But I have suggested Judge ONeall.  If he is elected, I do not know but that I may be a candidate for the Bench.  I am really gratified at the estimation in which I seem to be held by the Legislature.  Dr. [Thomas Jefferson] Goodw[y]n told me the other day that he was very anxious to see me President of the Senate.    He is Senator from St. Mathew.

	You must write me often & all about the children, yourself & aunts.  Col. Martin asked me this morning how often you wrote me.  He said his wife wrote every other day & he did the same.  You must write me when you expect to come up, or what your arrangements are as soon as you determine.

	I have not yet been too pay Mrs. Yancey a visit.  We have a rail road meeting in Columbia tomorrow evening.  We are all to make speeches.  Col. Summer will publish my speech in the Carolinian next week.

	I have engaged with the editor of the Southern Review to write an article on Life and embody the revolutionary history of the upper country.

	I must now go to the committee room.  Tell Will he must be a good boy.  His papa was never so bad (though I was a bad boy at his age).  Tell Anna she must be the young lady.  And Frank a little man.  Kiss them.  My love to your aunts.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston