Letter 111
Thursday night, [14 September 1848]
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I have just returned from the muster & am very much fatigued but will write you a few lines for the mail in the morning.

	Saturday night I staid with my friend Joseph Rogers fourteen miles from Anderson C.H.  He informed me I would scarcely lose a vote in that neighborhood.  Sunday I went to the camp meeting, took dinner with Dr. Anderson.  He is still my friend & says his neighbors all go for me although they are [Zachary] Taylor men.  I saw my friend Dr. Reese & he says I will best at his Box below old Pendleton.  I heard from other places & all favorable.

	Sunday night I staid at Bensons.  He is for me warmly.  Vandiver thought my address had injured me with the Whigs.  Reed thought the same.  But I know it has gained ten for me lost.  I went to the drill muster on Monday.  Heard favorable news from the Saluda side of the District.

	Monday night I was at John C.  Norriss& perhaps made him my friend.  Spent the evening pleasantly.

	Tuesday Col. Orr was not able to attend the Review.  No speeches were made.  It was a Whig country & perhaps better.    Col. McFall is still my strong friend.  Says I will divide at Majors, Store, & Caspers boxes before Anderson.

	Tuesday night I spent at Dr. Browns who married a Broyles.  He said he wanted to vote for both Orr & myself.  The people [are] very equally divided in that neighborhood.

	Wednesday I came here through Orrs stronghold, the Tumbling Shoals where they are more equally divided, but all will go over when they ascertain that Orr stands for Taylor.  I stopped at one house where the man was for Orr & the woman for me.  She told me that she had said to her husband, if he did not vote me, she would make him drunk on the day of the election & prevent his going out.  I took dinner with them & the husband promised to vote for me.  His name was James.

	I paid my printers bill at Anderson & had 37 ? cents left for crossing the Bridge over into Laurens.  I paid 25 cts & had 12 ? left.  I had sad feelings.  Here I was in a strange place, a candidate for Congress & no money.  Whilst brooding over my necessities who should I meet in the public Road but my old client Maddox.  He pulled out his pocketbook & paid me a fee of Fifty dollars in cash.  Hurrah for good luck thinks I to myself.

	The news from every portion of this District is one entire change to my side.  In some neighborhoods where the vote did stand 35 to 42, it is now 6 for Orr & 70 for me.  This is pretty much the case throughout the Ennoree Regiment.  I never met so many friends before at a muster, not even in Greenville.  They all come up to speak to me & shake hands & were really glad to see me.  They were all intelligent men & gentlemen.

	The people enquired if Col. Orr was still a Taylor man.  He had not then erred & I thought was sick at home.  The news had reached them that he was for [Lewis] Cass or neutral.  I told them I understood him differently.  In the course of the day he came & even made several speeches.  He made a strong Taylor speech whichhis fall in the Ennoree regiment.  If he will only make the same speech next Saturday my majority in Laurens will be seven or eight hundred.  He spoke well too, better than I ever heard him before.

	I will be at home Sunday evening.  Good night my dear Liz.  Kiss the children.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville