Letter 548
4 December 1859
Columbia

My dear Liz

	This is Sunday & a very bad day.  I have just had my breakfast & will write you a few lines.  I wrote you two letters by Saturdays mail which makes up for my omission the day before.  I have just written a long letter & an interesting one for the patriot, two sheets of foolscap, to which I refer you for much news.

	At the breakfast table I met Col. Thomas of N.C. & got to talking with him on rail roads.  I did not get up from the table till ten oclock.  It is now too late to go to church & the weather is bad.  I recei[ve]d your letter last night & was glad to hear you were all well & doing well.

	The Hotel is filling up with Ladies for commencement.  Col. Henderson came with sixone a Miss Scott he says is related to you.  I told her I was happy to meet a kinswoman of my wife.  She is not pretty.  Hendersons daughters are not very pretty either.  I have not seen Mrs. LeConte for several days.  The other night she spoke of you as being the neatest & best housekeeper she had ever seen.  She said after living as I did at home, she did not know how I could put up with such a Hotel as the Congaree.  The Board of Trustees have ordered a House to be built for Dr. LeConte & Mrs. LeConte says it shall be a picture of a House.  I told her I would move in the Board to have her put on the building committee with the Dr. & Mr. DeSaussure.  Tell Willie Mrs. LeConte enquires very particularly after him & wishes to know how he is studying.  She may be thinking of themade Lula.

	I have heard nothing from Frank except through Col. Ashmore & yourself.  He ought to write me.

	The excitement is becoming very strong against the north & in favor of disunion.  But I have no serious apprehensions myself of any such thing.

	Bishop Elliott delivered an address in College last night, but I could not venture out to hear him.  I was anxious to hear him too.

	Tell Fannie Mr. Janneys little daughter enquired kindly about her & was anxious I should have brought her down with me.

	Say to Hext, Hayne & Arthur I will bring them some presentHext a knife.  Mr.  Clark whom we met of the Rail Road last summer between New York & Philadelphia says he never saw a little girl like Fannie.  She was so quick tothe boot to& get her seat, so disposed to take care of herself &c.

	I must close.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville