Letter 734
28 September 1866

	The Legislature of this State was convevened some weeks since by his Excellency Governor Orr to organize the District Court for the trial of negroes, & fighting a civil rights Bill placing them upon an equality with white persons in giving testimony & being tried, sueing &c.  I was called to Columbia during the first week of the session as a member of the Greenville Rail Road directors.  I had the pleasure of seeing a great many of the members and talking to them about the prospects of the country.  They were very despondent & I tried to cheer them up by telling them that I felt confident that the Fall Elections throughout the middle & northern & western States would go in favor of the administration.  This they did not seem disposed to believe.  I saw Ex governor Pickens & his lady on their return from Baltimore.  The Governor did not seem hopeful of the results of the northern Elections.  Neither did Judge Dawkins who had just returned from the north with his family.  I may be mistaken, but time will show who is right in his judgement.  I found my belief on the following grounds.  The political parties were nearly equally divided in the Election between Lincoln & McClellan.  The one recei[ve]d something over two millions & the other eighteen hundred thousand votes.  Since that time a large number of the leaders of the Republican party have come over to the administration.  The people are gitting tired of constant political excitement & agitation.  The Capitalists are becoming apprehensive that another civil war may ensue which would endanger all their government securities.  They have been assured that the Southern States do not desire repudiation of the national debt which they greatly apprehended at one time.  The masses of the northern people are not in favour of negro suffrage.  A large number of the Federal Generals have taken sides with the President.   Their convention at Cleveland adopted & endorsed the Proceedings of the Philadelphia Convention.

	It is said that the Presidents speeches in his northern tour have injured his party.  I do not think so.  On the contrary I am satisfied that they will have a telling effect on the Fall elections with the great mass of people.

	I regretted not seeing Governor Manning in Columbia.  He was sick, & has since been dangerously ill.  It is said Col. Campbell & his friends were getting up opposition to Manning & would try & defeat him this winter.  I regret this very much.  I like him, & would be glad to have him as a colleague in the Senate of the U. States.  Not having yet been allowed to take his seat, it would be cruel to turn him out.  J.B. Campbell is spoken of by his friends.  If he cannot succeed in defeating Manning then they are to start General Hampton or General Kershaw.

	Whilst in Columbia I called to see General Sickles in company with Governor Orr.  He is a good looking, light & frivilous man.  It may be, that my opinion of his character formed years since has prejudiced me against him, & that I do not properly appreciate his intellect.  He almost connived at his wifes adultery & then murdered her paramour when it became notorious!  The General informed me that he was going to send a Garrison to Greenville.  They have since arrived.  This is unfortunate.  The negroes will then behave worse, & there may be collissions between the soldiers & citizens.  I wish we could git rid of all Federal teroops.

	It was said in Columbia that Mrs. Pickens was anxious for the Governor to be elected to the U.S. Senate.  I said that she herself would stand a much better chance.  General Easl[e]y replied he thought she could be elected very easily.  She is a very charming lady, beautiful, accomplished & intellectual.

	General Orr received a telegraph dispatch whilst I was in Columbia requesting him or myself to attend the mass meeting in New York on the 17th Sept. & address the meeting .  On my return home I found a letter from the committee making the same request.  In reply I wrote a long letter giving what I would say if there.  I should have liked very much to have been there.  But it was impossible for me to go.

	The Legislature have adjourned after passing several important Bills.  Amongst them one to establish a Penitentiary.  This is the last great measure of mine adopted by the State.  It is very grattifying to me, to find, after thirty years advocacy on my part that all of my measures of reform have been adopted.  The election of Electors of Pres & Vice Pres by the people of South Carolina.  The destruction of the odious & unjust Parish system by which one voter in a Parish had as much influence in the Senate as two or three hundred voting in the upper districts!  The election of Governor by the people.   The equalization of taxation according to the value of property.  The abandonment of the right of secession.  And the perpetuation of the Federal Union.  The con of the South Carolina College into a University where young men can pursue such studies as they have a taste for & which will be of most service to them in after life.  The establishment of one court of appeals for law & Equity.  And a county or district court for the trial of misdemeanors & larceny & small civil suits.  All these measures I have advocated ever since I entered public life & at last they have been adopted by my state.  How much feeling some of them have cost me no one can conjecture.

	I have likewise been personally successful, at last, in my political aspirations.  In the course of twelve months I was district attorney, commissioner of Assessments & district Judge  under the Confederacy, Provisional Governor of the State under appointment of President Johnson & United States Senator by election of the Legislature of South Carolina.  It was said, by a friend, with great truth, that all of my honors came at once clustering around me.