Letter 628
18 October 1861
Camp Connor, Va.

Dear Papa

	It has been some time since I wrote to you but I dont think wefor not writing, as I have received very few letters from home lately.  I have not received one for some time nowthat is in several days.

	  There is very little news to write you, though there are any quantity of rumors afloat as to what has been and is going to be done by the army.  We are going to move our camp tomorrow or next day.  We are going to a place called Blands Ford on Cedar Run about 5 miles from Manassas.  They say that our army is falling back to Centreville or Manassas, and it is said that McClellan is advancing and a big battle is expected in a few days, at about the same place the last one was fought.  Such is the camp belief.  But there is no telling when the fight will come off.  Though there is no doubt our army is falling backwhether McClellan is advancing I am not so certain of.   The Evansport battery opened last Tuesday, and has been firing off and on ever since, with what result, I am not able to say.  We were ordered to hold ourselves in readiness with one days rations to go and support it, but were not ordered down as the enemy made no attempt to land.  They fired on our battery from their vessels, but did no damage.  I am sorry to write that one of our company died this morning, his name was Knotts.  He had only come on about two weeks ago to join our Company, and was taken sick with Dysentary a few days after he got here.  He is a cousin of Elvin Knotts.  He has another brother still in the Company, the one who came on when you did.  His father got here a short time before his death.  Cooley is sick with Typhoid Fever, but not seriously.  His brother Dr. Cooley came on to see him the other day.  He moved him into the country to a house.  Bill Thompson is a little sick, but I dont expect he wants his mother to know it, as he says she is very easily frightened and might come on to see him which is unnecessary.  Bill Beattie, Ed Stokes and all the rest of the company are well

	Jno Ferguson has not yet got here though his Furlough is out.  I suppose he will be here in a day or two.  I understand he was to leave Greenville last Monday.  I got the box Moore brought on with all the things in it.  I will now close.  Give my love to all, and to Annie for the Palmetto.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville