Letter 683
6 December 1864
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Yesterday I dined with Gov. Manning & his mess consisting of President Furman, Dr. Furman, Cols. Wilson, Richardson, Mullins, Whaley &c.  I spent a delightful evening.Governor Manning walked with me to the door & said he thanked me for the pleasant evening I had given him & his friends & wished that I should come often.  Everyone of them are for me warmly for Chancellor.  Governor Manning insisted on my going with him to see Mrs. General T Johnson who is in Columbia & a most accomplished Lady.

	After taking a cup of coffee I went to Dr. LeContes just opposite Governor Mannings quarters & spent an hour or two with the ladies there, Dr. LeConte & Col. Gage.  As I came off I met Col. Dawkins going there.  On my return home I found five or six letters & one from you.  I was glad to hear you were all well & hauling the corn from General Easleys.  But sorry theareyou have not killed them.  Make John feed them well & fatten them.  Carry corn to the mill & have it ground to feed them with.  But food is so scarce they must be killed as saoon as possible & the hogs too.

	Fannie reced a letter from Willie in which he sent his love to Lula.  She seemed unusually affectionate last evening.  I supposed Fannie had delivered Williams message.  H was there.  Governor Manniung & Col. Trescott had been there one or two evenings ago.  They have a good many gentlemen to visit them.

	I wrote a letter last night to Col. Orr about being District Judge in case Judge Magrath was elected Governor.  At present there would be no necessity of my living in Charleston.  I shall writetoday.

	Tell Susan the terms in the Citadel are only twelve hundred per annum & the Boys find their shoes & under clothes & sheets &c. (See the Guardian advertisement).

	Fannie has a bad cold & has not been out since Saturday.  She is getting better.  Hext is quite well & wishes to stay longer.  He & John LeConte are great cronies & he stays there all the time.

	I am truly glad Willie is at Wilmington.  Had he remained at Green Pond he would have been fighhting.  Captain Earles Battery was in the Grahamville fight but the Capt. was absent.  Furman commanded the Battery.  They were fighting there on Sunday again, but we have not heard the result.

	I have just taken my& must close my letter.

	Major Bolling wishes a paper left with me by Collins.  I think it is in my paper case on the left of the door as you go into my office in the Box marked Memoranda.  Tell him to make Capt. Hart wait till I return home.  Your affect[ionate] husband, B.F.P.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville