Letter 32
1 December 1845
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I recd your letter by Sundays mail informing me that Susan was married Sunday night.  Mr. Elford came & brought me the wedding cake.  I have distributed a portion of it amongst the Greenville delegation.  The piece for Pinckney McBee has been handed to him.  I informed him we had become a kin to each other since we left home.  I saw Col. Martin this morning in the Senate & informed him that I had a piece of cake for him.  Taylor.  He said he would send for it.  Mrs. Martin is now at Taylors.  She arrived here Saturday evening.  I promised to go & see her.  Martin had his little son with him in church on Sunday.  But I could not see him well.

	General Thompson and Butler Thompson are at the House.  They came Sunday evening.  Butler talks very freely about his marriage & says he has it so arranged that I shall be at home when it takes place.  General [Milledge Luke] Bonham & his bride are in Columbia.  I saw them today at the college commencement.  They looked very happy.  There was another bride sitting by Mrs. Bonham.  Mrs. Randal, formerly Miss Lipscomb, now married to Mrs. Pearsons cousin of Chester or Fairfield.

	Ben Yancey & his sister are in Columbia but I have not seen them.  I saw John Cunningham today.  He says Pamela is much worse than she used to be though better than she was in the summer.  He speaks of her despondingly.  Mr. & Mrs. Cunningham are well.

	I have very little to write you about the Legislature.  We have done very little yet, so there has been a motion to adjourn on the 12th next Friday week.  If you dont mind I shall get home to your Party.  You wrote me to let you know the price of fruits.  They are moderate in price.  The oranges are not good.  The pineapples are small & 29 cts by retail.  The grapes are very delicious & packed up in little kegs.  If you will direct me I will make a purchase for you, & send them up in the stage.

	In spite of your advice to the contrary I am becoming homesick & would like very much to be with you & the children tonight.  There is no place to me like home.  I very often go from home most cheerfully that I soon wish to return.  The novelty & excitement of new scenes soon cease to interest me.  My wife & children never.  It is true they sometimes interest me a little too much, but I never get tired of them as I do of everything else in this world.  I pitty from the bottom of my heart, him who has no wife & children.  Here is Col. Ashe sick & surrounded by the worlds wealth & luxury but no wife or children.  He seems to be without aim, object or interest.

       I am glad you think yourself so happily married as to wish Susan the same degree of happiness.  It is true we both have everything to make us happy.  It has myfallen to the lot of two persons husband & wife to have lessto their happiness.  We enjoy uninterrupted health.  We have been prosperous, living well, surrounded by & enjoying all the comforts of life, accumulating property notwithstanding our extravagance, blessed with uncommon children, for I see none equal to them.  And our love for & confidence in each other is all that husband & wife could wish or desire.  I hope Susan will be equally happy.  How do they seem since their marriage?  How does Ann like it?  What does your mother think?  Write me all about them.  I have some curiosity to see them together.

       In regard to March hope you are mistaken.  Jim has made him work hard at very hard work splitting rails, & he is not accustomed to it & is young & slender.  There is a great deal of comeout
 In March when he fattens & fills up.

	Write me whether my oats are sown. Any fence made, how many rails made.  How the hogs I bought of Watson do.  This information you can get from Jim.

	Col. Martin has just come in, got his cake & brought me a Bundle for Susan B. McColl, a small bundle like silk or calico.

	I must conclude.  I went to the Episcopal church last Sunday.

	You will see the political news from me in the Mountaineer Friday morning.

	The Governor has given no answer yet about Wells.

       Tell Willy I have seen some very pretty knives.  Tell Anna she must tell me what to purchase for her.  Tell Frank to say what he wants.  I wish I had Will with me.  Col. DeTreville has his little son with him.  We walked back from the college together.  He says he carries his son to let him see & learn things.  He gains practical information of more value than lessons from books.  Write me what you want.  Your truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville