Letter 650
29 January 1863
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I received one letter from Fannie last week & suppose you have all gone to Glencoe.  I hope you got there safely.  The roads & weather must have been bad Wednesday since we have had fine weather.  Now it looks as if we were going to have a change.  There has been only one wet day since I left Greenville & hope the servants have done a great deal of work.  Tell Alfred I shall expect to see all that old field cleaned up & the oats & rye sowed.

	The Legislature have agreed to adjourn Friday but it is very doubtful whether we can do so.  I shall go home Saturday anyhow.  We are getting on very pleasantly.  I have written three letters for the Enterprise giving an account of what we are doing & I will not repeat in this letter.

	I suppose you will send Hext down this week.  I will go up to Glencoe as soon as I get through with the Federal court which will be only a day or two if I do not have to return to the Legislature.

	Dr. Croft & Col McCullough are both absent.  Boyce has to return Saturday.  If the Legislature does not adjourn Greenville will be unrepresented in the House unless Crofts son gets better.  He wasdays since when I heard from Dr. Croft.

	I have seen your uncle & Col. OHanlon.  They both enquired after you & the children most kindly.

	I dined with Yeadon the day after I came down & spent a pleasant evening.  He looks badly.  I have not seen Mrs. LeConte.  Very few ladiesin the gallery this session.

	The election of Judges will not come on this session.

	I was introduced to General [Leonidas] Polktoday.  He did not stop in Columbia.  He came down from Greenvilleto Asheville next to see his familyhad seen them only once in two years.  He is a fine looking gentleman & pleasant courteous manners.

	I have nothing to write you & hardly expect you will receive this letter before I return home.

	I hope you are enjoying yourselves at Glencoe  & that Fannie is pleased with the mountainsHext & Hayne & Ben amusing themselves & getting their lessons.

	I saw Mr. H who told me that he would assistin purchasingBell for Glencoe.

	I suppose you havethe beef & the hogs & are.  When you want more beef steak you can kill the other beef & salt.  If you can buy pork up there at 25 cts per pound you may purchase.

       Give my love to all the children.  I hope your mother & Anne are doing well & have got supplies on hand to keep them from starving.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

       P.S. .

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe