Letter 581
20 April 1860
Charleston

My dear Liz

	I arrived here yesterday evening to look for lodgings at the Mills House till tomorrow evening.  Dr. Porcher called to see me yesterday evening and he will call to take me to his House.  He seemed very kind.  I am glad I stopped here first as it enabled me to see & become acquainted with Many of the delegates as they came in.

	  Last evening Col. Mordecai took Col. Orr & myself to the Catholic Fair, where there was a great crowd of Ladies, but not one pretty one amongst them.  He then carried us to his House where we drank a bottle of champaign smoked some good segars and looked [at] a beautiful collection of paintings curiosities collected by him in Italy last summer twelve month.  He also introduced us to his daughters four or five pretty little.

	I have rece[ive]d another invitation by Mr. Al to stay with him.  Hayne passed by the Mills House yesterday &to me without stopping to speak.  General Butler of Kentucky a brother of General William O[rlando] Butler who ran for Vice President with General [Lewis] Cass, requested me yesterday to go with him to see your uncle Arthur this morning.  He says his brother who was in the battle of New Orleans with your uncle made him promise to go & see Col. Hayne before he left the city.

	Tonight I am going to see T Hayne act her farewell to Charleston.  The crowd of delegates coming in is immense.  In my room there are three cots besides the bed.  But before they are occupied I shall be at Dr. Porchers & will be glad to get out of the crowd.

	No one can conjecture with any certainty as to who will be the nominee of the Convention.  I rather think Douglas may be.

	In the Mercury is a very full account of all that was done in the convention at Columbia.  My speeches are fully reported.  In the Courier they are not.

	I have nothing more to write you.  I enquired at the Post office for letters, but got none.  You & Willie must both write me as often as you can.

	My love to the children.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville.