Letter 171
17 December 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	The House has been in session all day today & I have now just eaten my dinner at six oclock.  We meet again at seven oclock tonight, so I have but a few minutes to write.  The children too are both leaning on my table and bothering me.  They came home & got their dinners & are now eating raisins & almonds. They live well.

	The subject of a convention & Southern Congress has been before the House all day, & we have voted a hundred times almost on the various propositions & made as many speeches.  Still the final vote is not yet taken & is very doubtful.  I begin to think that we shall do nothing, neither call a Southern Congress nor a convention.  But the matter will be decided tonight.  Forty two votes are enough to defeat a convention and we had forty eight today.  But some may bolt.  Several gentlemen here told me that I am the only honest man amongst them all, who vote against a convention.  The House was a good deal excited today.  And several severe threats were made to Col. Memminger.

	I gave my speech to the Carolinian to publish today.  He says he will do so next week.  The speech is very long 45 pages & will fill one whole side of the Carolinian.

    	I am in the Columbia Telegraph this morning, a compliment to me.  He notices two articles in North Carolina & Georgia abusing me, & says that no one who knows me will doubt my purity of motive.

         Mrs. Jones & her children came down here last night & I saw Tom Jones this morning.  Frank seemed delighted to see him & invited him to dine with him at Maybins Hotel, which Tom did.    So Frank is playing the gentleman quite young inviting his associates to dine with him at a Hotel.  I was engaged in the House.

       The Governor was inaugurated yesterday & quite a crowd as usual.  The speech you will see in the Carolinian.

	I hope to hear from you tonight & next Thursday night.  Col. Corn of Walterborough & old Mr. Verdier have both taken a great fancy to Frank.  Verdier is a Frenchman worth $300,000 & no children.  He says he must have Frank & I told him to take him.  But Frank protests very strongly against any such arrangement.

	I must now conclude.  I will write you again once more before I leave Columbia.  Kiss Anna & Fanny for me, your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville