Letter 126
Monday evening, [1848]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have only time to write you a few lines.  You will have recd before this reaches you, the Box of Fruit sent by Jim.  I hope you & the children will enjoy it as a remembrance of

	I have made considerable purchases todaycoat, pants, waistcoat, hat. Boots, cravat & gloves for myselftwo breast pins for yougot two steel broaches for $1.00Mrs. Elletts book $2.50 for general reading & the young husband for my own special reading.  You see I desire to learn the duties of a husband.  You already know the duties of a wife.  My clothes cost $35.00.

	I saw Col. Isaac Hayne.  He looks this & sad.  He & Col. DeTreville are the only candidates for atty general.  The result is very doubtful.  I saw General Martin today.  He said Mrs. Martin was with him keeping house in Columbia.  Mrs. Taylor is purportedly confined today & is very ill.  Col. Taylor is absent in Alabama.  They are all well in Charleston.  Your box for Mrs. Hayne Col. Martin has promised to have sent to Charleston.

	I was in the court of Appeals all daydid not go to the State Housewas studying Dr. Andersons case.  My business will not come up before Wednesday.  I may get through this week but will have to remain here all next week.

	My friends have greeted me in most flattering terms & express the utmost astonishment at my defeat.  They all lament in most sincere terms my absence from the Legislature.  General Thompson says that Elmore will resign & if so, I can be elected President of the Bank very easily.  I am sure there is a very kind feeling towards me in the Legislature.

	We had a pleasant trip down here but of this Jim can give you some account.  Col. Ware has not yet arrived.  Judge Richardson declines being a candidate for governor.  General Thompson was disappointed in Georgia.  Austen left no will.  He now goes on to Washington.

	In great haste, I hope to hear from you by next mail.  I feel some anxiety about Fanny.  Kiss the children.  I will get them presents before I return.  We are all well.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville