Letter 155
Tuesday night, [ca. April 1859]
Pickens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I have hardly time to write you a line.  Last night I sat up till twelve oclock writing.  We are in the midst of three or four slander cases & full of business & possible business.

	I recd your letter by Mr. Elford & was pleased to have so good a report from home.  In regard to our Paper I have to inform you that it is doing well.  Mr. Elford will return with some forty or fifty new subscribers & a good many of them have paid.  All seemed pleased with the Southern Patriot.  Mrs. Dubac was delighted.  I did not see her.  But I stopped at my mothers.  They were all well.

	Mr. Sharp informs me that his wife is pretty well & expects Miss Ramsay up in two or three weeks.  She will return again to Charleston after a short visit.

	I have written a long Editorial for next week giving an account of my tour to Tugaloo &c.  It is altogether uncertain how long I will be detained here, perhaps all the week & perhaps not longer than Wednesday.  Everything sold well at the Farm.  But I had a bad time last Sunday in coming to this place.

	I am truly glad to hear that the draft has arrived from Alabama.  It will come in good time.

	I think Mr. Elford is in better sprits than when I posted with him.  But I doubt whether you have hope so strongly developed as to supply & sustain the drooping spirits of anyone else.

	At Pendleton I met a young kinsman Robert Harris just from California with his pockets full of gold.  He gave me an interesting account of that country, & will be at Greenville next week.

	The mud is knee deep all over Pickens valley.  The Hill has been cut down.  And they talk of dividing the district & moving the Court House.

	I hope the children are all well & going to school.   Fosters wife & Harriett enquired affectionately after you & the children.  The first seemed surprised that my family had not increased since you were there.

	My reply to Col. Hayne has pleased a goods many persons about here.  I am glad your mother is pleased with it.

	In haste your affectionate husband. Remembrance to the children, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenvile