Letter 114
Monday night, [23 October 1848]
Anderson C.H.

My dear Liz

	I recd your letter this morning and thank you for your kindness and affection.  I was glad to hear you say as I was starting that you were as happy as you are well.  I am sure I can say so with truth and propriety.

	As I came here on Sunday Mr. Satterfield told me you had done one good thingrefusing to purchase Allen Merrits chickens and he told me a long story which Merrit told him.  I have a suit now in Anderson court against Merritt.  Indeed I had a great deal of weight to carry in the electionall against whom I had cases voted against me.  All the drinking whiskey men opposed me.  The Taylor men were united against me.  The old ignorant nullifyers remembered their ancient hatred of me and last, though not least I was a gentleman.

	Reed told me today that Col. Orr said his election had cost eight hundred dollars.  On the day of election the spirits used would amount to $250.00 cts!

	Burt says he was instrumental in depoting me by inviting me over to Pendleton.  If I had staid at home & not made any speeches I would have been elected.  Col. McFall told me I beat myself, by espousing  the cause of General Cass.  He is a Whig & a Taylor man & a strong friend of mine.  Major Gilmore told me great changes had taken place at the Rock Mills just before the election.    He was still for me.  He said captain Garrison remarked any man who voted for Col. Orr admitted I was the best qualified.  He said Cass would be elected and I ought to be his secretary of War & would fill the office with great ability.

	On the road I met several persons who said I must try it again.  Really in walking about the court yard today, I was surprised to find so many friends.  It seemed to me, that one half of the persons (intelligent men of character) were for me.  How different my vote in Anderson is from Orrs in Greenville.  Everyone of my votes in his district is a man of character & intelligence.  Almost everyone of his voters in my district is either worthless, no character, or mean men.

	I have heard Jones is a great deal better & therefore I shall return to Greenville.  perhaps Wednesday evening.  We have very little business in court.  I had two cases & was employed to assist Mr. Harrison in another today.

	You said nothing about Willie & the other children.  I hope they are all doing well.    As I came on here whilst stopped to eat dinner Powell rode by, & I invited him to dine with me, which he did.  He praised Anne very much.  Saw [her] at the examination.  He says his son is to be married in December to Miss Mullins daughter of Captain Mullins of Charleston & very richthat he is a very promising fellow &c.

	I have now told you all the news.  Mrs. Dubac, no doubt, had a greatto you.

	I am with great affection, yours truly, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville