Letter 725
Sunday, 17 December 1865
Columbia

My dear Liz

	This is a dreadful day, & I have just been to see Fannie.  Willie came this morning & relieved me.  I thought Fannie went to Mrs. Caldwells last night & would have to walk home through the sleet & mud.    But she had good sense enough not to venture out.  Today she was to have dined with Mrs. LeConte, but the weather was too bad.  I met her however coming down to see me, as I went up to see her.    She has not heard yet from the Crofts, & it will cost thirty or forty dollars to get there with Cuttino & his wife.  I told her she had better go to Charleston & see the Crofts as she returns.  Mr. Porter is expecting his daughter here from Chester, to go down with him & offered this evening to take charge of Fannie & likewise return her hospitality to his family whilst she remained in Town.  I will see Fannie tomorrow & arrange.  Mr. Porter called this evening to get me to nominate George Bryant for district Judge.   Moses having been elected Judge now declines the appointment.  I made the nomination.  The members of the Legislature had already signed Bryants recommendation.

	I shall leave here Friday morning & reach home Wednesday night.  Gordon Pool  goes up in the morning & will carry this letter.  I have not been relieved yet by the President as Provisional Governor, so you will have the pleasure of meeting me still as Governor.  I begin to think that he does not intend to relieve me till Congress admits me as Senator.  I am still hopeful of getting my seat in a few weeks.

	I am glad Wiley has parted with his mare & hope that Morgan will learn to draw well.  I will take a bowl of Wards whiskey.  The other matters in your letter we will talk about on my return home.  I am delighted at the idea of going home instead of going to Washington.  The truth is I had rather be with you & the children than to be in Washington with all the great men of the country.  I am sure I shall have to return home often unless you go on with me.

       I saw  Butler here this evening & he says he is going to Greenville in a day or two.

       In regard to the yankee troops General Ames has no power to remove them, but I think they will all be removed pretty soon.  Whilst they remain in Greenville it is best to have no difficulty with them.  They had a serious difficulty at Union & one yankee was killed & two wounded.  These unfortunate occurences will prevent their speedy removal.

       Willie & [Henry Pinckney] Hammett made speeches last night, so Hammett tells me, against the tax of $250  on each Still, but the tax passed.  This will make whiskey very dear.  I suppose they thought their constituents were interested in defeating so extravagant a tax.

	Now my dear wife goodnight.  Fannie rece[ive]d your letter, your mothers and one from Mattie Orr today.  Your affec[tionate] husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville