Letter 412
27 September 1857
Harvard College

Dear Anna

	I received your welcome letter yesterday morning.  Today is Sunday.  I have just returned from breakfast, and have an hour or two to spare before going to church, so I will drop you a few lines to let you know that I am still flourishing in this land of yankees.  There is no danger of my getting bad for want of preaching, for I have to go to the Chapel twice every Sunday.  In Columbia I had only to go once a day.  I am getting on very well, and am glad to heart that you are better satisfied than at first.  There is nothing like getting used to a thing.  My friends are getting to be more punctual than they were.  I got a letter from Bill Beattie, and am expecting another every day.  He was at Glenns Springs for some time, which was the reason he didnt write sooner.  Jim Moore has also written to me.

	Tell Miss Jennie Carson that there is no danger of my forgetting Greenville while she stays there.  Give her my love.  I would like to have a correspondent like her.

	I suppose you have heard the great event in Greenville :viz: Miss Hamiltons run-away match with Lamb, who they say is a complete drunkard.  I expect they both brought their pigs to a bad market, as the saying is.  I get most of my Greenville news from Frank, who I hope has passed his examination by this time, and is strutting about with his midshipmans clothes and gold watch.

	I have heard nothing of Mr. Long, and Sue Hoke.  I have received a trunk of books, which Ma said she was going to send by them; but it came to me by Express.  They must have left Boston out of their route.  I have to study pretty hard.  Whenever I want any amusement I can go to Boston to the Theatre, which is next to the largest in the United States.  I have been there several times, and saw some very fine acting.  I and the Memmingers always go together.  There is a Pringle, also here, from Charleston Aunt Brewtons nephew, who I like very much, and am very intimate with.  He is in soph Class.

	Do you recognize the picture at the head of this letter.  I write you on this paper so as to send you the picture, but the paper is so small that I dont think I will write on it again.  I have not room to say half what I want.  I shall have to stop for want of room.  You must write to me soon.  You wont have much else to do, in your vacation.  I will call to see you on my way home, and will see about taking you with me.  Your affectionate brother, Willie

P.S. I have sent you another letter to Miss Branch.

Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.

27 September 1857
Greenville

My dear Daughter

	We rece[ive]d a letter from you last night, and you complain of my not writing you.  Your mother writes you so often & tells you so much in her letters that I did not think it worthwhile for me to write you.

	I suppose she has told you about Franks rejection which grieves her very much, but I care very little about it.  We are making an effort to have him examined by a Board of Medical men in Washington.  If he is not admitted, he will return home & commence his studies at the Furman university with a view of making himself a doctor.  I think this will suit him as well as the navy.

	I hope you will stand& enter a high class.  Consult with your teachers & study those branches in which you are deficient.

	I am glad you are becoming better satisfied with your school, teachers, & students.   You must not be spending all your money in dressing.  You had better keep your money to buy dresses when you quit school.  I see no necessity for your dressing fine at school.  It is all folly & extravagance.  Your moth is imprudent in this particular & our kind.  I hope your good sense will stop your shopping at once.  Wear the clothes you have & buy no more.

       I wrote to the Bishop to let you go & spend a few days at Mr. Pedicaris if he called for you.  But you must not stay there long.  Return to your school & study hard.  Your return home depends on it.  You have gone to Burlington to study & not to visit or receive visits.  I am opposed to your being visited by young men or boys whilst at school.  It is contrary to the value of the school, & I do wish to make you an exception.

	I know that Sue Hoke was very anxious to stop & see you.  I suppose she will as she returns.  But then she will be with Crayton & his wife who will not be willing to stop.  It may be you will not see her.

	We shall be glad to hear from you as often as possible, but you must not let your correspondence interfere with your studies.  My great ambition is to have my children well educated, & they ought to improve the opportunities I give them.  You have mind & capacity for study, & I have confidence in your inclination & ambition to study.  I think you have more of these qualities than my sons.

	We are all pretty well except poor little Arthur, & he is improving.  I was very much afraid when we returned home that we should loose the dear child.  He was very puny & looked badly.  I was shocked when I saw him.  His death would have been a bitter sting to me through life, as I should have attributed it to our going off & leaving him.

	We rece[ive]d a letter from Willie the other day.  He is doing well & quite well but has been unwell.  He is pleased with Harvard.  Mr. Perdicariss son is in bad health & has had to return home.  Col. Memmingers sons are well.

	I have sent you the Patriot & you must enquire for it at the Post office.  It will give you the news of the village.  Give my respects to your teachers & believe me your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.