Letter 174
Monday night, 14 April 1851
Charleston

My dear Liz

	I have just come up from dinner & have one hour till eight oclock to myself.  At eight some Virginia young ladies are to pay Mr. Yeadon a visit & I shall have to be in the drawing room.

	Mr. Yeadon, General Combs of Kentucky & myself are all the white persons about the establishment.  I wrote a long account of my journey down here for the Patriot & will not repeat it to you.  President Fillmore is expected here the last of this weekwill stay with Mr. Yeadon.  His chamber is filled up in most magnificent style.

	I saw your uncle Arthur & Col. Isaac Hayne this morning.  They both asked me if I was able to get a room & I replied I was staying with Mr. Yeadon.  They asked after you & Mrs. McCall.  I saw Captain Cunningham who likewise enquired after you.

	I have been so constantly engaged today from breakfast till dinner in the convention that I have but little to write except what I have already written for the Patriot & I dislike to write the same thing over again.

	I met Miss Brenner on the& she is very much improved in her appearance.  She is to sing in Charleston this week.  Last night we started to church with the Virginia young ladies who are to take tea here this evening.  They are pretty and quite interesting.  Mr. Yeadon staid with their grandfather Mr. Winston when in Richmond in 1846.  He is now here a delegate.

	The Proceedings of the convention I have given in my letter to the Patriot.  Mr. Duncan is staying with Mr. Ford who married Miss Gerard.  Mr. Butler at the Charleston Hotelthe McBees & Irvine are there also.

	Mr. Yeadon is living in great style.  His family have gone to the country.  I am very pleasantly situatedquite private amidst all the crowds & bustle of the city.

	Tell Anna Mr. Gantt enquired how that very interesting little daughter of mine was.  I will now suspend my letter till after tea & perhaps all morning.

	Our company have gone & I am left all alone in my glory.  Yeadon has gone over to the Courier office & & General Combs has gone to Mr. Conners.  It is now half past eleven oclock & I will go to bed.  The evening passed off very pleasantly.  Mrs. Bryant came to receive the ladies.  She is a relation of Mr. Yeadons.

	I hope you & the children are all well & I also hope to receive a letter from you tomorrow evening.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville