Letter 612
11 July 1861
Ashland

Dear Papa

	You will see by the heading of this letter that we have changed our quarters from Richmond to this place which is 18 miles from Richmond on the Rail-Road to Acquia Creek. You may probably recollect the place.  It is a breakfast house going North; you have eat[en] here several times.  We came here yesterday on horseback from Richmond.  The Cavalry portion came, the Infantry are still in Richmond.  This place was chosen because it is a good place for Cavalry to drill.  We quartered at what used to be a Racetrack.  We are all in one large room.  I would prefer tenting to rooming altogether, and perhaps we will be allowed to do so.  Besides the three companies of Hamptons Legion there are four Virginia Cavalry Companies.  There are no other troops besides those.  This is a sort of school of instruction for Cavalry.  I dont know how long we will be here, probably some time.

	Tom Adams has been elected and appointed First Lieutenant in Bozemans Company.  Each of the Lieutenants retrog[r]added one step in order to make the vacancy for him.  Tom Adams was drilling the Company for Bozeman, and Bozeman wanted to have him as Lieutenant, and made the arrangement to have him appointed.  I have had some legal business to do since I have been in Camp.  Capt. Bozeman got me to write his Will, which I did.  Bozeman has been rather sick since he has been in Camp.

	I dont know yet whether to say that I like our present encampment or not.  They have just concluded to let us pitch our tents and stay in them, which I think will be better than staying altogether in one room.  I like our present Campground better than I did the one at Richmond, which was in a very low and hot place.  It is very warm here, a great deal warmer than I expected to find it in Virginia.  My horse is coming on very well.  Considering the feed which has been and still is very scanty, I have been obliged to buy a little horse feed, all along ever since we left Columbia.  I would not give my horse for any in the Legion, not excepting the Cols or Lieut Cols.  Wiley I am sorry to say was taken sick yesterday and is not able to do anything at present, but I hope he will soon be well.  He has a pain in his back, and a headache.  Mr. McKay arrived here yesterday evening and brought Mas letter, and I got your letter this morning.  You all must write very seldom, for I did not get a letter from you during the whole week that we were in Richmond.

	Mr. Westfield asked me to tell you to tell Mrs. Westfield to direct her letters to this place now instead of Richmond.  Ed Stokes was very sick for a few days but is now quite well.  All the rest of the Company are in great health at present.    I saw Greggs Regiment in Richmond on their way home.

	I have no news to write you of any interest.  You hear more reliable news than we do here, for we hear so many verbal reports that we dont know what to believe.  I will close.  Give my love to Grandma, Aunt Susan, Aunt Annie, Ma and all.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville