Letter 645
5 December 1862
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Col. Ware is going up in the morning & also Dr. Croft.  I am almost induced to go myself.  I will probably go home tomorrow week if the legislature sit till Christmas.  There was a Resolution introduced this morning for the Legislature to adjourn on the 17th & meet again in January.  	But I hardly think such a Resolution will pass.  It will be very inconvenient for us to return here again after Christmas.

	We elect an appeal Judge Tuesday next.  Judge Withers will be elected.  There will be two vacancies to fillone Law Judge & one Chancellor.  My friends will run me for Chancellor if the election comes on this session.  Col Keitt told Col. Lyde the other day that the Legislature ought to elect me or Hon. William Boyce Governor.  But I have no disposition to be Governor.  Trescot of Charleston came to me today & asked if I would run for Chancellor & I told him I would & I think I could be elected.  But there is a disposition to postpone the election till after the war as there is no business doing now in our courts.

	Nothing of importance today in the House.  General Garlington beat General DeSaussure for Adjutant General.

	This has been a very wet & cold day & I have turned my overcoat fur side outwhich has caused the coat to be much admired.  Your taste & theirs seem to be much the same.

	I have just rece[ive]d a letter from Fannie & several others but none from you.  Fannie says no letters came from me for two days.  I have written every day but have generally sent my letters by private conveyance.

	Fannie says you have bad weather & likely to continue so from present appearances.

	The streets are full of soldiers & a very rough set.  There has been less gaiety in Columbia this session than I have ever known.  The country is gloomy & in mourning for the friends lost in the army.
	This dreadful war will ruin the country.  Already our national debt is over five hundred millions & South Carolinas share is over fifty millions.

	I will write Fannie a long letter Sunday.  I have heard nothing lately from Willie.

	The news came tonight that Burnside had been removed & that the yankee nation was in great commotion.

	I have seen nothing of your uncle Arthur for several days.  The weather is so bad no one can go out.

	My constituents are writing me about salt but I can do nothing.  The Governor has been ordered to distribute all he has on hand which is not much.

	I will now close my letter & hunt up Col. Ware.

	Give my love to all the children & write me how you are getting on.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville

[This letter is faded badly]