Letter 718
2 December 1865
Columbia

My dear Lizzie

	I received your letter this morning & was glad to hear from you.  I hope you will git all the corn you possibly can & let Wiley haul it whilst the roads are good.

	You need not trouble yourself about legislation or politics for you always see trouble where there is none.  Give yourself no concern about the stay laws, or thousand propositions you will see in the newspapers.

	I am not able to say when I shall go to Washington or Greenville.  I came very near going to Charleston this morning to see General Grant & Sickles.  Gov. Orr went.  I was afraid dispatches might arrive from trhe President in my absence.

	Last evening I dined with General Hampton & spent a very pleasant evening with the General & his lady, Gov. Orr, Lt. Gov. Porter, Speaker Aldrich,  Col. Haskel[l] & Lowndes.  Tomorrow I dine with General Easley at Mrs. Caldwells where he & Willie are boarding.  They had a party there last night & Fannie was at it.  I have not seen her since.  Col. Harris met me today & said my daughter was unmistakable looking so much like me.  No one could fail to know whose daughter she was.  He said his daughter was going to call on her.

	Mrs. Hampton euquired about you.  In speaking of her father Gen. McDuffie she did not seem to know much about him!  She did not know that he was wounded twice by Col. Cumming.  She asked me if he was wounded in the first or second duel.  She is very much broken & looks old & as thin as a.  I sent her today a newspaper containing Bill Arps last article which she wished to see.

	General Easley is going to have all my messages published in a pamphlet by order of the Legislature.  My farewell has drawn forth great praise.  Col. Orr is going to appoint Willie one of his aids with the rank of Colonel.  But I have not yet mentioned it to Willie.

	I went down to the State House today, saw Mrs. LeConte & Lula in the Gallery but did not go up to speak to them.  The two Dr. Lecontes came to speak to me & chatted some time.

	The Board of Trustees meet this evening.  Col. Farrow is going on to Washington on Monday next & perhaps General McGowan.

	Mr. Holland goes up tomorrow & I will send this letter by him.

	I must now close as it is getting dark.

	I wish you would take my safe keys and look in an old pocket book in the money till & get my certificate of being a Rail Road director & enclose to me in your next letter.  If I go to Washington I shall want it to keep from paying rail road fare.  In opening the safe you had better get Mr. Swandale to show you how you take the steel key with the figures to the right & press it in till the handle turns.  Then the brass key opens the till drawer.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville