Letter 244
11 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I have rec[eive]d no letters from you for the last two days.  It is now nine oclock in the night & I have just returned from Bradleys office & got my supper.  We have commenced the Gardiner case & it opens badly.  All day till four oclock we were closely engaged in the Court House.  Since that time we have been engaged in consultation.  I feel fatigued & depressed but I hope the base may take a better turn tomorrow.   made a very able opening speech against Gardiner & his counsel Bradley & Carlisle  [have] been not disposed to make one in reply before offering testimony.  I have at last got Bradley to agree to a different order of battle.  He will open in the morning.  I told him my rule was to fight every inch of ground & always keep a bold front.  The case is full of mistry.  No one can tell the result.  General Thompson is quite uneasy.  But my rule is not to despair.

	I hope you have not stopped writing to me under the impression I am returning home.  I shall certainly be here all of next week.  Mr.  the assistant of the district attorney who spoke this morning is the brother of Mrs. McCray.  I met him at the Virginia Springs in 1846.  He seems very kind & friendly on meeting me in court & wished to know if I had been able to get comfortable rooms & seemed disposed to provide for me &c.  I met his brother Dr.  the other day.  He came to see Burt when he was sick.  He told me that his sister had become very large & was married to a gentleman in Baltimore.

	Col. Orr & Summer left here this morning.  Col. Summer sends his compliments to you & says that although he never had the pleasure of seeing you he entertains a high opinion of you from your children whom he has seen, Frank, Willie & Anna & also from your husband whom he regards a man of taste &c.  The Col. came back from New York rather cooled in his love affair.

	I have nothing new to write you & shall Have nothing for several days to come.  The Indians came down to see me this evening just after I had got out of court but nothing further has been arranged in their business.  One of them is a full blooded Indian and cannot speak English.  The others are half breeds.  They know Mrs. Doctor Butler very well.  William is cleverTom not very well.  Judge Hicks one of the delegation was raised about Bachelors Retreat in Pickens.  Adair another one of them used to know my family.

	How little I expected to be gone so long when I started.  The Patriot & my letters are greatly read & sought for in Washington.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville