Letter 629
27 October 1861
Camp Butler, Va.

Dear Mamma

	I started to write you a letter several days ago, but was interrupted and did not finish it.  It has been some time since I last wrote you all, and it has also been some time since I received a letter from you all.  The last time I heard was by John Ferguson.  It was dated the 13th, and I have not received a letter since up to this date.  Ferguson reached here safe with all the baggage in his charge, including my box, and the change you sent me.  He seems to be pretty well but not quite as strong as before.  He is now at a Mr. Jones about 8 miles from our present Camp, waiting on Bill Thompson who is sick there.  Bill has the Typhoid Fever and is pretty sick but not very dangerously.  I dont know whether he has written to his mother about it or not.  He spoke of telegraphing to his mother to come on, but I dont believe he has done it.  Perhaps you had better not mention his sickness if his family dont know it yet.    Cooley is also sick at the same place, and with the same disease, but not at all dangerously.  Jim Mays and Tully Bolling are sick.  With these exceptions I believe all the rest of the Company are well.

	We are now encamped about 6 miles from the place where we were camped when Pa was on here.  We moved up from our camp near Freestone Point last Friday week to our old Camp near Bacon Race Church.  We staid there only a few days and then moved to this place.  How long we will stay here, or where we will go to next I cant tell.  There is a Report that a big battle is expected at Centreville and that we will be moved up there soon, but there is no telling what is the truth in Camp.  I dont think there are any more indications of a big battle than there has been for the last two months.  Our troops are beyond Fairfax and the enemy are not outside of their entrenchments so there does not seem to be any sign of a fight.  Or at least it seems so to me.  The weather we are having now is the coldest we have had yet, and I think we will soon have to go into winter or settle the war by a big fight or a peace, for I dont think either side can do much in the way of fighting after winter sets in.  The roads will be too bad for transportation, and the weather too cold for troops to be exposed.

	Wiley is a little sick at present.  He is in a house near here and is getting better.  Pain in the head and stomach is what he has been complaining of.  I believe there is nothing that I stand in need of from home.  Everything that you sent by Moore and by Ferguson I have received and am now pretty well loaded.  There is some talk of their reducing our baggage to what the army regulations require.  That is just what we can carry on horse-back, which will curtail our baggage a great deal.  When we get into winter quarters, if we do get into them, we will be permanently settled and can have as much as we want.  There are various reports about winter-quartering.  Some are that we wont go into winter quarters at allothers that we will quarter at Manassas Junction, some at Fredericksburg or Richmond.

	Since writing the above I have received your letter by Mr. Stairley.  He himself has not yet come to Camp.  He is at the Junction.  If you could make me a pair of pantaloons out [of] strong Country blue jeans, of some sort of coarse negro cloth, I would like it veryhave them plenty large enough.  I dont like to be asking for so many things now, for I know they cost a good deal, but you can take pay for them out of the 20 dollar bill I sent by Ferguson, for you know you did not send me back all of the bill, only some silver.  Since writing the first part of my letter we have received orders to prepare 3 days rations and be ready to march at a moments warning.  It is thought we may be ordered to support the right wing of the army under Johnson in case the enemy advances, but I dont think there is much danger of a fight yet, or perhaps I ought to say hopes of it.  It is time for me to close.  Give my love to all.  I gave a letter to Dr. Reed several days ago to carry home thinking he would leave next day but he has not gone yet.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville