Letter 739
2 December 1866
Columbia

My dear Liz

	This is Sunday & instead of going to church I will write you a long letter. It is a very cold day & I have a comfortable fire.  I have been to breakfast & the company have just left my room.  How long before someone also comes in I cant tell.

	Yesterday morning I got up & wrote you a line, went down & gave it to Westfield.  I came back & went to bed again.  I was anxious to have returned home yesterday, but was afraid my cases in court might be called up  before I could return.  I promised Looper too to remain & look at his sons case.  He seems very willing to pay me a good fee & I shall charge him a thousand dollars.  It is unpleasant too riding about on the Rail& getting up before day this cold weather.

	You will be gratified to hear that General Capers has been elected Secretary of State by a large majority.  He will hold the office till his ordination.  I think he ought to continue in the office after ordination till his congregation is able to support him and I told him so.

	Mr McCready & W.A. Pringle are to call to see me this evening after church on special business.  They did not say what, but I suspect it is about the trail of Mr. Arthur.  I sit at the table with all of the Judges & they all seemed curiousknow something about the charges against Arthur & I told them all I knew.  Pringle has brought up his brother Bton to put in the Lunatic Asylum & seems very sad.  They have one hundred & thirty lunatics in the Asylum.

	The election of U[nited] States Senator comes on next Tuesday and fear Governor Manning will be beaten by Col. Campbell.  They are forming combinations to defeat Manning.  He is not here.  The election of Solicitors comes off Tuesday also.  I am not able to say who will be elected.  Reid, Easl[e]y & Evans all seem confident of succcess.  Douglass who read law with me came within two votes of being elected commissioner for Fairfield.  He was beaten by [word obscured].

	There was a discussion in the House the other day on Resolutions about Jeff Davis & General E.  I made a fine speech.  Willie came in just now.  He has a bad cold too.  He recd last night the Mountaineer that Hext sent him andall well at Home.  This was very good in Hext & thank him for it.  I was glad to see the Mountaineer on account of the fire.  Willie also recd a letter from Willie Beattie giving an account of the fire.

	Judge Bryan and his Court have returned to Charleston.  He had a great deal to say in praise of Fannie.  You have heard from her I suppose.  Someone told me she was to leave for Florida with Mrs. Glover the first day of December.

	I have written another letter to Woodward on impartial suffrage & given it to the Phoenix.  I expect it wil appear Tuesday morning.

 	I hope Hext, Hayne & Ben are going to school & studying well & behaving well.  hard enquired kindly after Hext the other day and hoped to have seen him in.

	There is to be [a] grand fairTuesday night.  I see Mrs. LeConte is at the head of it.  I have not yet seen her.  There are only two ladies boarding at NickersonsMrs. Fisher who was a Miss  & cousin of Mrs. John Ashe Alston and a yankee officers wife.

	The political news is unimportant.  We are anxiously looking for the Presidents Message.  The idesa of impeaching Johnson has been abandoned it is said.

	I wish you would get Mr. Gr to mark two bags of acts of Congress in my office & put them on the floor in another bag & have them all marked To Theodore Stark Esq. Columbia.  Send them over to the depot to be sent down by rail Road.  Stark wil pay the freight in Columbia.  But wish two copies of each act kept out for me.  There are four acts or pamphlets & I want two of each saved for my use.  They are numbered 1860 & 18611861 & 18621863 & 1864.  I think there may be two copies of each on the floor.  If not, look in the bagsnot on the floor.  The court of appeals & the Legislature want them.  Have the bags tied up or sewed up before they are sent to the depot.

	I hope to be at home as soon as Friday & I hope to hear from you Monday night.  I suppose you have seen Dr. Hoke and his bride.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville