Letter 233
4 March 12853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I have rece[ive]d no letters from you today.  I hope I may tonight as we have two mails.

	I am somewhat indisposed with A Bad cold & did not go out to the Inauguration.  It is snowing & has been all day & I felt no inclination to risk my health in such weather.  I saw the crowd pass by this Hotel & saw the two Presidents in Gen. Pierces superb carriage & horses.  The General rose as he came opposite the Hotel bowed & waved his hat to the ladies.  There were supposed to be seventy thousand persons at the Inauguration.  The speech is spoken of in high terms.

	I was in hopes that my stay in Washington was at an end & thought of starting home Sunday.  But Dr. Gardiner came to see me this morning and insists on my remaining for his trial next week & offers me a fee of one thousand dollars.  The heads of the Cherokee Indians came this morning & wished to employ General Thompson & myself in the formation of as treaty for them with the President.  Their fee will be enormous if we succeed in effecting the treaty.  I am likewise anxious to see more of President Pierce.  Thompson says if Judge [James Moore] Wayne should die & his health is bad, that Pierce will appoint=t me to the Supreme Bench of the United States.

	Under all these considerations I will stay until after the trial of Dr. Gardiner.  I do not know that I should make one thousand dollars at home.  In the mean time I shall see what can be done with the Cherokee chiefs.  If we succeed in that matter it will be a fortune.

	I have just come up from the dinner table & dined with Col. Colcock, Gen. McQueen, Col. Orr & Mr. Woodward & Gov. Hubbard of Maine.  General McQueen drank to our wives.  I stated that we wrote every day.  Col. Orr said he wrote once in two or three weeks.  Woodward said he did not write at all.  Colcock said he wrote every mail.  We had quite a pleasant party at dinner.  The crowd here is what you would have no conception of.  It will diminish from this term.  The display of the military was grand.

	I am not interrupted by company and really I never have time to write you composedly.

	Give my love to the children.  Tell them I have bought the coined likeness of General Pierce & General Scott about the size of a quarter of a dollar for them.  They are very pretty.  Give my love to your mother & sisters.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville