Letter 148
16 December 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	The weather is bad & I will write you a long letter instead of going to church.   I am really ashamed of some of my letters to you.  They were written so hurriedly & so badly & so briefly.  But I have been hard pressed for time to eat my meals.

	The other evening after finishing the four lines sent you by last mail I went to the State House immediately, was waited on by General Adams, General Foster, & Col. Gist, who informed me that they had been appointed on a committee to know whether I would permit my name to be used as a candidate for the President of the Bank,  I told them that they could vote for me if they saw proper, but that I would not be a candidate,  The next morning two communications appeared in the daily Papers announcing the fact that my friends intended to run me in opposition to Col. [Franklin Harper] Elmore.  This acted like a bombshell had been thrown into the ranks of the Bank men.  My bank friends came to me from all parts of the House & insisted that I would not permit my name to be used.  Col. Williams, Thompson, & others were urgent.  I replied to them that I was no candidate, but I could not permit the anti Bank party from voting for me.

	Col. Williams said they were going to run me for Governor & he was afraid it would hurt my prospects.  Reed of Anderson, Henry of Spartanburg told me they were going to run me for Speaker next winter.  I have no idea of being elected President of the Bank.  But I do not know if it will hurt me to be voted for.  In fact Col. Gist intended that it would only be the means of the anti Bank party supporting me for something else.

	I have written out my speech & will probably give it to the Carolinian tomorrow.  I has been a good deal complimented by both bank men & anti bank men.  The question has been lost in both Houses.  Smith & Earle voted for the Bank in the House, & Col. Ware in the Senate.  In the Senate there was a great deal of excitement.  It is thought that a difficulty has taken place between Col. Memminger and Col. Marshall.

	I have just packed up my clothes & sent off my trunk by Col. Irbys wagon as far as Laurens C.H.  The roads are in a horrid condition & I was assured Skylock would not be able to pull Willie, myself, & trunk through the mud.  From Laurens the roads will be better.  I shall leave here Thursday morning & reach home Saturday evening.

	Tell Anna that her birds are doing well.  I went to see them yesterday in their new cage.  How I shall get them home is doubtful.  The weather is so cold I am afraid they will freeze.  The man from whom I purchased them, has gone back to Charleston & taken with him the others.

	Whilst I was looking & selecting the birds, two very plain & homely looking females came into the shop & made purchases of birds.  On their leaving the shop I was told they were Miss John Preston & old Mrs. Hampton.  I took them for some very common shopkeepers wives.

	I hope to hear from you tonight, & if anything occurs tomorrow I will write you again.  Tell Frank I am going to buy him a Californian hat.  Willie will have to wear it home, & put his cap in the buggy box.  Tell Fanny I shall bring her cocoa cakes.  If it was in my power to bring your bonnet safely I would do so.  I will look for one tomorrow & see whether I can find one very pretty.  If so I may risk its carriage some how.  You know it gives me great pleasure to grattify all of your wishes.  Families bonds have been more devoted than myself, & myhave taken so much pleasure in grattifying the wishes of their better half.

	I will now conclude.  Willie has been reading his testament & is now talking to me.  Yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville