Letter 404
8 September 1857
Cambridge

Dear Anna,

	I received your letter yesterday evening.  I had been expecting a letter from you, and was glad to hear from you at last.  But I was sorry to see from the beginning of your letter that you have not yet become reconciled to Burlington.  Of course Home is the dearest place in the world, but still we must make up our minds to be away from home some times during our lives.

	You must know from experience that the first two or three weeks that we are away from home go harder than any other.  So if you can bear the first week or two you will get through the rest very well.

	I got through my examination last Saturday, and am glad to say that I was admitted into the Junior Class, which was more than I expected.  The examination [is] a very tough one indeed, and I consider myself fortunate in having passed it as well as I did.

	When I last saw you in Boston I was pretty sure I wouldnt be able to pass any examination.  I feel a great deal better now, after having got through with it.  The two Memmingers also passed.  We have changed our rooms, and have got better ones than those you saw us in.  But have had to buy our own furniture, which costs a good deal.

	We havent good under weigh yet, but will in a few days; then we will have to study pretty hard.

	I have only received four letters since I have been here; one from Frank, two from Pa, and one from you.  I havent received any from Greenville, so dont know how things are going on there.  One of Pas letters was written from Burlington, the other from Annapolis.  I suppose Pa & Ma are at home by this time, and that Hayne is well.

	I am glad to hear that you like some of the girls and hope you will like them all.  You must be rather crowded having so many girls in one room.

	My first vacation will begin the first part of January & end the last part of February.  Pa said that I might go home then and I expect I will do so; if I do I will go by Burlington to see you, certain.

	You made a mistake in your letter in saying that I must have received letters [of] certain young ladies.  You meant that you had heard from them.  I wish I could say I had heard from them too.  You must give my love to them when you write.  My paper is giving out, so I will close.  Your affectionate brother, Willie

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.

13 September 1857
Cambridge

Dear Mamma

	I received the letter partly from you, and partly from Pa, yesterday.  Today is Tuesday, and I write now to make up for not writing last Saturday.

       I was very much shocked to hear of poor little Susys death, but hope Aunt Susy will be able to bear it.

       You must be glad to be safe at home again, after all the fatigues and annoyances of travelling.  I would like to be with you, though I like this place and College, a great deal better than I expected.  I have got regularly under way now, and have to study pretty hard for we are called up to recite very often, nearly every recitation.  In Columbia we wouldnt be called on for weeks at a time.

       In my last letter I told you that we were going to change our rooms.  We are now in our new rooms, which Col. Memminger chose.  We have a room a piece.  Col. Memminger also chose the furniture for them which cost about a hundred dollars a piece.  We had to furnish them ourselves as we did in Columbia.  Our boarding is $4.50 cts a week.

       I got a letter from Frank, the other day, and one from Anna.  Frank seems satisfied, and I hope Anna is also by this time.  I hope Arthur is well. And that everything is going on well.  If Sue Hoke comes to Boston, I will call to see her.

       The way Col. Memminger does about his sons clothing is this.  He knows a tailor here, and he makes him send his accounts for his sons clothes directly to him.  The tailor offers to do the same thing for me, that is send the bill for any clothes to Pa, and let him pay for them.  I would like to know if Pa is willing to the arrangement which Col. Memminger thinks is best.

       I am writing in a great hurry as it is between recitations, so I will have to close.  I heard from Bill Beattie.  You must write often for you dont know how much good it does me to get a letter from home, when it is so far off.  Give my love to Grandma, Aunt Anny & Aunt Susy and all the children, and to Pa.  Your aff[ectionate] son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville