Letter 103
Saturday morning

	I went to the muster & found a large crowd.  In the evening the rain commenced falling & we had no speaking.  The people seemed a good deal divided between Orr & myself.  That is his stronghold in Laurens.  In the evening I drove down to Captain Andersons & found him absent.  I then stopped a few minutes in Bowens & went on to Captain Cunninghams.  There I met Mr. Buist & Col. Evans of Spartanburgh.  Miss Pamela was unwell & I did not see her.  Mrs. John Cunningham was there.  They all desired to be remembered to you.  The grounds & gardens look beautiful.  Dr. Hillhouse & his wife had been there the evening before.  Mrs. Cunningham said she was very much pleased with my cousins.

	Sunday morning I went to church with the family.  It was a Presbytery meeting & a large concourse of persons present.  I found a great many friends there.  Col. Orr was at the muster & also at the church.  I went to my friend Nances.  He lives in great style & has a magnificent house.  He is active for me & so are all his neighbors.  His wife is a good looking ladylike woman.

	Monday morning I went down to my client Dr. Teagues & took dinner.  Saw a great many persons & they all seemed for me.  Mrs. Teague is a warm friend & I have seldom seen an old lady of more dignity or finer manners.  I was quite surprised.  We had a good dinner.  Told me I need be under no apprehensions about that neighborhood.  In the evening I went over to Jesse Youngs where Major Coleman & others were dining.  I returned to Col. Williams who is a most influential friend & staid all night.

	Tuesday morning I went to Col. Watts who married General Jones daughter but did not see him.   He is against me & influential.  But his uncle Col. Williams told me he would control him if possible.  About ten oclock I fell on the track of Col. Orr.  He had gone but a short time, whilst I had traveled over fifty miles & seen hundreds of persons.  I can beat him electioneering.

	This evening we were both invited to a Ball given to Major Wright.  I have just returned from it.  I was introduced to a good many ladies & made myself very agreeable to them.

	   In regard to my prospects I have seen everything to flatter me, & yet my friends tell me that the race will be a close one in Laurens.  I think I know better than they do.  They judge from the Saluda side of the district whilst on the other side my support will be almost unanimous.

	I am greatly indebted to Col. Williams.  He is a man of great influence, princely fortune & high character.  He espouses my course with boldness & zeal.  I do not think I have a warmer friend in the Congressional District.  What makes it more remarkable he was a bitter nullifier & the mortal enemy of Capt. Cunningham.  He is the grandson of Capt. Williams who was killed at Kings Mountain & between whom & the Cunninghams there existed a mortal feud.

	I do not know wqhat course I will take in the morning.  Good night.  God bless you & the children.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville