Letter 633
7 December 1861
Camp Butler, Va.

Dear Mamma

	I received a letter from Pa day before yesterday inquiring about young Day, and asking me to telegraph him immediately as to how he was if I could possibly do so.  I immediately went to the telegraph office which they have recently established at Bacon Race Church, and they told me I could telegraph which I did, and which I hope has been received long ere this letter reaches you.  Day is recovering rapidly and I telegraphed to that effect.  I directed the Dispatch to Mr. Janney in Columbia, and if Pa was not in Columbia at the time I suppose Mr. Janney sent it up next day.  If Pa went to Columbia on Tuesday as he said he might do, he no doubt got it there himself.  Day was very sick at one time but is getting well now.  I had to pay $2 for the Dispatch.  I am doing very well myself, am almost as well as ever.  My appetite has not quite come to me yet.

	I wrote you in my last that Col. Hampton had taken all his Legion except the Cavalry down to Occoquan, some 8 or 10 miles from here, expecting an advance of the enemy on the Evansport Battery.  Yesterday he sent up orders for the Cavalry also to come down today, and orders were given us to be ready to march, but for some reason or other we have not gone, and I think it likely we will not go.  Major Butler came back to Camp yesterday, and has taken command of the Cavalry, which Capt. Lanneau had during his absence.  I believe it is owing to him that we have not gone down to Occoquan.  I am glad of it, for we can hardly manage to get horse-feed enough where we are, and if we were to go there I dont think we could get any at all.  I still dont think there is much chance of any fight, though Pas last letter seemed to be so certain of it that he even thought we might have had a fight before I got his letter.  I have burnt up all your letters.  When you first wrote me to burn your letters I burnt up all that I had received, and have burnt up all of [them] after reading them, which I think is much the best plan, for besides the danger of the yankees reading them there is danger of their being lost about camp, so all things considered I believe I shall continue to destroy them as soon as received.  I want you all to write me as often as possible.  It does me a great deal of good to receive a letter from home.

	I am glad to hear from Pas letter that you were pleased with your trip to Glencoe.  You must give me a description of your trip.  My horse is still sick, but I hope is getting better.  No one in Camp is dangerously sick.  John Ligon is the sickest one.  He has fever or pneumonia.

	I must close.  Give my love to all.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville