Letter 237
7 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d a long letter from you yesterday after I had written to you.  General Thompson rece[ive]d no letter & was greatly mortified.  He must think that his young wife has neglected him.  He is in constant communication here with the spiritual rappers in beautiful poetry & said she loved to watch over him in sleep & play about his breast.  He sent this poetry which is very pretty to his wife in Greenville.  I think there is a want of propriety in talking to the second wife so much about the first.  It must excite her jealousy.

	My cold is still bad and today I have to go into court.  I took pills last night.  You must still continue to write to me.  I am afraid from your last letter you may think I am now on the road home.  I wish I was.

	Congress has adjourned & I shall not have the pleasure of seeing Ingersoll again to make the enquiries you desire.  But all will go to him.  However next summer & to the Worlds Fair.  Whether we had better carry William & Anna is doubtful.  We will take them a year or two hence when it will do
Them more service to see the world.

       I have been preparing on my case & shall henceforth have veery little to tell you.  General Thompson says that there is great expectation from my speech & many are anxious to hear it. I have the reputation here of being a very fine looking man which I am sure will please you.

       I was met the other day in the street by Mr. Bailor of the Cotton Plant who asked me if I was not Mr. Perry of South Carolina.  He said he had understood I was in the city & he knew me from a description he had received of me.

       I must now conclude & go to Breakfast.  The spiritual rappers told General Thompson last night that his child was sick with cold.  I ought to go & consult them about you & the children.  They tell everything that is to happen.  Indeed they have made some wonderful revelations and it is impossible to account for them.

       I hope you are all well.  God bless you.  Give my love to the children & to your mother & sister.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. Col. Summer has gone on to New York to court a young lady Miss Doty after two days acquaintance.  He wrote her a note & she wrote him an answer.  She is daughter of Governor Doty of Wisconsin & now a member of Congress.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville