Letter 488
9 May 1858
Columbia

My dear Liz

	It is now after ten oclock.  I wrote you this morning a long letter.  Before going to bed I will add a line or two.

	First let me tell you what I have heard in reference to your uncle Arthur.  He is to receive the appointment of U[nited] States Senator to fill out the present term till the meeting of the Legislature.  Governor Allston said if he had the appointment at all he should appoint Col. A.P. Hayne. This will be very grateful to your uncles vanity & ambition but I do not think he will be acceptable to the people at large.

	  I saw Mrs. LeConte at the dinner table & also at the supper table.  I gave your letter to Miss Graham to her to send on.

	Whilst at the dinner table I saw a fine looking naval officer in undress military uniform come up & take his seat with a lady near to me.  I looked at the lady & thought her face was familiar.  The officer was a stout fine looking red faced man with quite a military air.  They got through dinner before Dr. LeConte & Col. Memminger & myself, with Mrs. LeConte & children all seated at the same table.  When they had gone Mrs. LeConte said I will tell you a piece of history about that lady.  She married when very young, an old man for his money & who was very jealous of her.  He died & left her sixty thousand dollars as long as she remained a widow.  But on her second marriage it all went to his children.  She has now married that captain in the navy & given up her fortune.  He looks like he drank.  Her first husband was Seager of Mobile.  She is granddaughter of Dr. Fair.  This explained my remembrance of the Ladys face.  On looking at the Register I see his name is Dur & a Lieutenant in the navy.  I rather think Mrs. Seager has made a bad bargain.  I would not give sixty thousand dollars for Lieutenant Dur....  But he is fine looking, about thirty years old & Mrs. Seager may think she has made a good trade.  Perhaps she has if he is as good as he looks.    She has got a husband to take care of her & & is no longer troubled with the money.

	I have told you all the news & will conclude & go to bed.

	I feel quite well & will be able to go into court tomorrow.    I enclosed ten dollars in my letter to you this morning.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville