Letter 149
18 December 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

       I have just returned from the State House & left the Legislature in session.  It is now near eleven oclock in the night.  We have just eaten supper & Willie is going to bed.  Tomorrow I shall be so busy as not to be able to write.  I have not yet got through with my cases in court.

	I hope to leave here Thursday morning & reach home Saturday night.  But it is possible that I may be detained here a day longer ibn consequence of the court.  If so I shall dislike it very much.

	The election of President of the Bank takes place tomorrow.  I have no hope of being elected but will get a great many votes.  They are given to me by the anti Bank men as a compliment & as such I shall appreciate them.

	Dr. Metts of Union who has been electioneering for me told me that Elias Earle said he never wanted to defeat anyone as bad in his life.  He is a most pitiable fool & seldom votes on any question without consulting Col. Irby, & never votes differently from him.

	He &  Powell are enough to disgrace Greenville as her representatives.  He wrote Ben Yancey a letter wishing to be friends and promised never more to interfere with his brother.  Yancey showed me the correspondence.

	There is likely to be a difficulty between Col. Manning & Col. Marshall.  It was said this morning a challenge had passed.  This originated out of the Bank question.

	Col. Ware & Smith are both going for the Bank.  The Bank is lending money to the members of the Legislature.  Reed got $900 last winter.  In this way the Bank is buying up the members.  I think Elias Earle got money last fall.

	I have just purchased for you the prettiest bonnet you ever saw.  White is all the fashionnothing else worn by the Bell[e]s here.  And I think you prettier than any of them, & therefore to wear what the young ladies wear.  It is a beautiful bonnet with flowers.  I thought it would look so sweetly on you and the idea crossed my mind how sweet a kiss would be from your rosy lips encircled by the bonnet.  But I must now make you vain.  With your new shawl & bonnet on, I have you now in my minds eyes and how I should like to clasp in my own, the figure thus presented to my mind.

	The price of the bonnet was $6.00.  How I shall carry it up is doubtful.  Tell Frank I have bought him a Californian hat $1/12 cts.  I have also bought him a pretty little bow to shoot withalso one for Willie 25 cts each.  Tell Anna her birds are doing well & singing sweetly.  Tell Fanny I have bought her two pounds of cocoa nut cakesalso one pound of all sorts of candy and one pound of molasses candy to give the servants &c.  I have bought a Prayer Book $2.00new razors & strap 4.50.

	I shall buy a little hat for Vardry perhaps.  I enquired for a chair such as Susan wished and the man had none.

	My money is about gone.  I have recd only $6.00 from Col. Grisham since I have been here.  Dr. George I have not seen.  I have spent the money given me by Chancellor Dunkin.  But hope that my pay Bill will pay my tavern billhave some left.

	I hope tomorrow evening to hear from you again & I may then write if I have time.

	Col. Tom Butler spoke suspiciously of Anne Williams.  He had been to see herso had Jones.  Poor woman I am afraid she is lost or will be before she leaves here.  Yours truly & sincerely, B.F. Perry

P.S. I thought I had covers for my letter, but sent them all off in my trunk.  I must therefore take another sheet of paper & will continue my letter.

	Butler informed me that Lewis Thurston & Hetty Doyley were to be married this weekthat Lewis was greatly rejoiced at Moores marriage.  I saw Moore here the other day & he looked sad & seemed sad.  Butler says he has no principlethat he & Mrs. Thurston were engaged to be married.  She was expecting him the night the night the news came of his wedding.

	Tom Butler also informed me that  Butler the brother of Mrs. McBee had been off with Miss Gillison worth $50,000 & got married.

	My speech will be published next week.  I gave it to the printer today.  John Cunningham has written out his also.

	I must now go to bed & will add another post script tomorrow.  Yours truly &c, B.F. Perry

P.S. Wednesday 3 oclock.  I have just returned from the Court House & have disposed of all my casestwo of them I had to continue.  So I shall start home in the morning.  Col Townes goes up in the stage & will beat me one day.

	I recd fifty nine votes for President of the Bank & Elmore 100.  This is about as I supposed the result would be.  It is a compliment & I regard it as such.  This is the voluntary offering of the members.

	I am delighted to return home again & see you & the children once more & forget in my domestic happiness all the excitement of politics.

	Willie has been all day in the State House by himself.  He is now with me eating apples & we are going to look at the birds.

	The weather is now good but looks like a change.

	I hope to hear from you tonight.  Yours truly, B.F. Perry