Letter 618
16 August 1861
Camp Griffin

Dear Mamma

	We are about leaving our present Camp Ground, and I will write you a few lines before leaving.
We will leave tomorrow morning.  I dont know exactly where we go, but it is somewhere nearer to the Potomac, near a place called Ocaquan.  We have been changing our encampments about every week or two.  There are a great many of the Legion still sick who will be left where we now are until they get well, and are able to join us.  Waverly Stairly and Ligon are two more who have broken out with the measles.  They have gone over to the Hospital in Brentsville a small town about a mile from Camp.  All the sick are doing very well.  Ed Stokes is better, and will go along with us tomorrow when we move.  Tom Adams is pretty sick, but with attention will recover.  His wife I suppose will be here in a day or two, as he has telegraphed to her.  John Ferguson is nearly well, as are all the rest of those who have had measles.  I received Pas letter last night dated 6th.  He will find a good deal of difficulty I am afraid if he comes on, in getting to where the Legion will be encamped, as it will be some 10 or 15 miles from the Rail-Road the nearest point, I expect, being Manassas junction.  There is hardly any way for a civillian to travel about this country amongst the army except by taking it afoot.  I dont know how far our Camp, which we go to tomorrow, and where I expect we will be at some time, is from Manassas junction.  I suppose about ten miles.  I will write when we reach there.  I have got me an oil-cloth over-coat, so you need not trouble yourself any more about it.  I got it from Richmond by Lieut. Gaillard.  He went down there to see about getting our new uniforms and at the same time he purchased whatever things the Company needed, and I got him to get me an overcoat, and I think I am very near water-proof now.  The uniforms will be done in a week or two.  It is being made by the Ladies of Petersburg.  We have had some very cold weather for the season lately, and we have had some hard rains.  By the time the winter comes on I will need some thick undershirts.  I hear that Col. Hampton is providing winter under-clothes for the Legion but I dont know that it is so.  My drawers hold out pretty well.  I want some thick red flannel ones for winter, but I dont need them yet awhile, nor the undershirts.

	I got a letter from Bill Beattie.  He expects to come back from Charlottesville in about a week.  He has had jaundice and has been confined to his room since he has been at Charlottesville.  Bill Thompson is getting on very well.  Jim McDaniel has reached here.  He says he is going to join the Davis Guards.  I suspected that he had run away as soon as I saw him & asked him if he had not, but he denied it.  I have not seen Smith.  I dont think he came this far.

	Wiley has got well.  Mr. McDaniel did not carry the gun barrel for Hext, as I expected he would.  Perhaps we can send it by some other opportunity.  Thomas & Dr. Gantt are here, staying at the house.  Bill Thompson is sick at.  Dr. Jesse Westmoreland is at Orange.  He has been here, and will be back here again before he goes home.  I hope to get my shotgun soon.  I believe Mr. Elford & Alex McBee are to attend to sending the guns on to us.  Give it to them, and maybe you can send my boots on by the same op[p]ortunity.  My trunk is rather in the way as I expected it would be, and I think I will send it home if I can.  You mentioned once about sending some things to Miss Sally Thompson to put up some things she was sending to us.  Well it seems they were in Mr. McClanahans charge, and he got them checked to Richmond but brought them no further.  We have tried to get them by means of the Express Co. but have not succeeded yet.  What was there in them for me.  I am glad that Pa has had straps put to my gun for carrying it.  I forgot to tell him to have it done.

	I must close.  Give my love to Grandma, Aunt Susan, Aunt Annie, Cousins Annie, Vardry and all.  I should be glad to hear from all of them.  I hope we will soon receive the proceeds of the young ladies Concert.  We will probably be paid our wages before long as they are now due.  Your Affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville