Letter 682
4 December 1864 (Sunday)
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I recd your letter last night and was sorry to find you so distressed.  You dont understand the Military Bill at all.  It applies to the troops already called out.  The second class from 50 to 60  were not likely to be called out at all & only in case of great emergency.  There is no danger of my having to go in in any event.  My broken leg disables me from marching.  So make yourself easy over that score.  The only contest in the passage oif trhe Military Bill was about the troops already called out being sent to Georgia.

	I did not see Fannie yesterday.  They were not at the State House.  Hext came to tell me that Mrs. Herbemont had invited Fannie & myself to tea at her house last night & that Fannie said I must come & go with her.  Mr. Lesesne came to me in the State House & said that Mrs. Herbemont requested me & my daughter to take tea with her.  But I could not well go.  Indeed I have no time to go anywhere or do anything except attend to my legislative duties.

	Yesterday I received a very kind letter from General Hampton who is in Virginia.  He requests me to support Mr. Preston for governor.  But whether I do or not he feels assured I will do what I think is right.  The friends of the different candidates had their meetings last night.  I rather think Judge Magrath will be elected.  I shall vote for Preston but I cannot electioneer against the Judge.

	It is thought there will be an election for Judges & ifI am spoken of for Chancellor.  But it would be a ruinous step for me to take in these times when the salary is in fact little or nothing.  My practice & the various offices I fill are worth ten thousand a year.  A chancellor gets only three thousand.  I therefore think I had better remain as I am.

	We have issued summons for the witnesses in  Col. Wares contested election.  I have sent one to Wilmington for Willie but I do not know that he can come.  There will be a good many witnesses in GreenvilleCox, Beattie, B, Thurston &c. &c.  They will come down this week.

	I am glad you have had corn hauled from Suttons & approve of your trading for corn, wheat &c.  I hope you have had thekilled & sold.  The weather is so warm that meat will spoil.  Let the hog get pretty fat before killing him & take care that he does not get out of the lot or be stolen.  I likewise approve of your contract with Fisher about renting the place & hiring Alfred.

	I do not think I shall stay here till the end of the Session.  After I get through with Col. Wares case I shall feel very much like returning home.  I shall certainly not stay here longer than next week.

	The papers this morning contain all the war news which I have.  Sherman is making for Savannah & will probably occupy the city as a base for future operations in the South.  I saw a brother of Governor Browns & was asking him about Mrs. Harrison in Monetta.  He told me that she & her daughter Mrs. Earle remained there & were treated very kindly by the yankees.  It is said Sherman is not destroying private Houses in his move through Georgia.

	I will enclose you some stamps.  Envelopes are dearer here than in Greenville.  I will go & see Fannie this evening.  I think Hext had better go home this week.  Give my love to all the children.  Your affect[ionate] husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville