Letter 765
24 August 1875
Greenville

My dear Sir [Hon. J. Izard Middleton]

	I had the pleasure of receiving your very interesting letter this morning.  In regard to the centennial celebration of the Declaration of Independence I concur with you more heartily in sentiment & feeling.  In my address before the Medical College in Charleston last spring I used the following language What would the Revolutionary heroes  & patriots of South Carolina have said & done if they would have foreseen their descendants in less than a century, living under the government of their former slaves, carpet baggers & scallawags?  Would they not have paused on their rebellion, & said it was better to remain a British Province than become a sovereign State.

	But, my dear sir, the result of their patriotism & heroism, has been so disastrous to their descendants after the lapse of a hundred years, yet it does not terminate their glory or dim their virtues.
We should feel as proud of their great actions & cherish their memories as dearly, as if the results had been different.  We must not think less of our glorious ancestry because misfortune has befallen us nor should we less cordially unite, in celebrating their patriotism , their heroism & their virtues.  The South has as much right to honor & boast of that Declaration of Independence as the north has.  The Southern people contributed as much to the success of the American Revolution, as the northern people.  One of them penned the Declaration of Independence and another one of their sons was commander in chief of the army during the whole war; and but for his wisdom, unerring judgement & unselfish ambition our independence would never have been achieved.  The Southern members of the old Continental Congress were the peers of any from the north in ability, eloquence & statesmanship.

	Why then, my dear sir, when it is proposed to do honor to the memories of these illustrious men, Southern men as well as Northern men, should we hesitate to unite in the celebration?  I am sure we love & venerate our patriots & heroes as much as the people of [incomplete]