Letter 255
24 March 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter this morning enclosing one to General Thompson from Mrs. Thompson.  It was handed to me just as I was preparing to start to the Court House.  I did not expect any letters from you today nor do I know how a letter written on Saturday night could have reached me so soon.  But I hope heretofore I shall get my letters sooner.

	In regard to my returning home, you need not look for me till Greenville Court.  I shall certainly leave here in time to reach home Sunday before Court.  Whether I shall be able to get off sooner is very doubtful.  The case goes on very slowly.  I begin to think Gardiner may be acquitted.  But they have not got through the testimony on the part of the prosecution.

	Tomorrow is good Friday & court has adjourned until Saturday.  I have written some account of our conversation & remarks in court about good Friday for the Patriot.  I wish I could see the Southern Patriot tonight & perhaps you are now reading my letters to the children.  It is eight oclock.  I have spent the evening with Judge Evans in the reading room & have just come up to my room.  The Judge is very social & clever.  He says he will spend next summer in Greenville.

	I have not seen Judge Butler this week.  In fact I see no one & am almost as much out of company as if I were at home.  Tomorrow I may go to church.

	I doubt whether Mrs. Thompson will write often of her fifteen year marriage than she does now.  I have alluded to our correspondence in my last letter to the Patriot.  We are like lovers still and something we have lovesor rather you give me a lovers scolding.  But it is said that there little affairs increases ones love.  But you ought to know that mine cannot be increased.

	I have noof your proposing so utterly impossible a thing as for Susan to live with us.  It is out of the question for a thousand reasons.

	Let me tell you something more about the spiritual rappers.  There are some young ladies in this Hotel. The Miss Blounts, who tried last night & made the table run all over the room && answer questions.  All persons are not mediums.  When you sit around the table you must have your attention fixed on the matter & your wish for the table to move constantly in your mind.

	    I wish your mother may be able to sell her House & make a trip to the north.  It would perhaps improve Annes health & make them all better satisfied with Greenville.

	I am glad you made Anne decline theof Mary.  She is too young for so high an honor.  I am glad likewise Miss Brooks was elected.

	My dear Liz how happy I should be to see you & be with you tonight at our own home, surrounded by all the children.  I will see about the ring tomorrow as I have leisure.  Your affectionate, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville