Letter 774
1 March 1881
Greenville

Mr. Editor

	I am not surprised that the people of Laurens should be in favor of taxing themselves to extend their Rail Road to Greenville.  This will put them in connection with the Great West, by means of the Air Line Rail; Road, and enable them to get their bacon, lard, flour, corn, molasses, sugar &c. as cheap & as conveniently as the people of Greenville.  It will, likewise, enable the merchants of Laurens to sell all these articles, at as low prices as the merchants of Greenville now do.  Consequently, the whole of this Laurens trade which is a very important one at this time to Greenville, will be taken from Greenville & monopolized  by Laurens.  The cotton of Laurens will be sold at Laurens Court House, & the farmers & planters be supplied there, with their groceries instead of coming to Greenville for them.

	The extension of the rail road from Laurens to Greenville is a matter of vital importance to that county, but it will be a serious injury to the trade & commerce of Greenville.  Let the merchants of our city consider how many thousands, & tens of thousand dollars worth of groceries & dry goods they sell every year to the farmers & planters of Laurens?  How many thousand bales of cotton are now brought here from Laurens County every year?  This will in great measure all be lost to Greenville.  The merchants of Laurens, when not in connection with the West, by means of the proposed Laurens Rail Road, will be able to sell groceries as cheap as the merchants of Greenville & pay as high a price for cotton.

	In the name of common sense I would ask where is the necessity of having two rail roads starting from Greenville & running parallel with each other not more twenty miles apart at any point,  coming together at Newberry, not one hundred miles from Greenville.

	What the people of Greenville want is a road over the mountains.  The building a road from Laurens to Greenville will not in the least facilitate or aid this project.  Let the people of Greenville reserve their funds and taxation to put them in connection with Asheville, by the extension of the Greenville & Columbia rail road over the mountains.  We should not be so public spirited in building a rail road to injure ourselves & the city of Greenville.

	It is said that the amount each taxpayer will have to pay is a mere trifle.  These trifles in the course of twenty years will amount to something considerable; and we are now very heavily taxed for State, County, Rail Roads, public schools &c.

	The agreement in favor of the Laurens road is that it will be the means of putting us in connection with the West.  How building a road thirty six miles in another & opposite direction is going to do this I am at a loss to concur.  We already have a rail road to Newberry, Columbia & Charleston & let us extend that road over the mountains.  If the people of Laurens wish to connect their road with ours we are very willing for them to do so though it will injure Greenville.  But we are not willing to be taxed to assist in injuring ourselves.  B.F. Perry