Letter 192
26 November1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am now writing to you an hour before day.  I have made my own fire & am sitting in my morning gown & slippers.  I believe this is the only time I shall have for all the evening my room is full of visitors.

	I will now give you an account of our journey down here.  Monday night we passed very pleasantly at John H. Harrisons who married Miss Benson.  Anna was much pleased with them.  Mrs. Harrison whom I went to examine is a very strange old woman.  She would not be sworn and would not answer my questions.  My visit amounted to nothing for I could not prevail on her to be examined.  Sometimes she would give me no answer at all. Her son tried to persuade her, but she was incomprehensible.  She is either fool or worse.

	Tuesday we came to the head of the rail road & staid at Littles, a pretty good home.  Mr. Harrison Jr put up a good dinner for us & we did well on the road.  At Broad River we took a boat & fortunately it was a good day or we should have fared badly.  The boat was open & the stream full of shoals and dangers.  I am sure I shall never go down the river again much less up it.  I met Ransom Calhoun at the River coming up.  He came into the cars to tell me how bad the passage over would be.  The day before he started on the boat coming up, got out & walked eight miles, & reached the Bridge three hours before the boat, but the cars had gone before he reached the Bridge, & he had to stay behind.

	Anna wrote you last night.  I saw the letter on my desk & thought it was to me, & broke it open, but discovered my sins late & resealed it without reading.  She seems very well satisfied here & Janney tells me that he will not charge a cent if she stays all the Session.  He has a little daughter about her size,  & they have taken Anna into their room.  I have not seen or heard anything of Taylor or Mrs. Taylor.  I met Col. Hayne yesterday & he seemed very cordial.  His election is exciting some interest.  I suppose he will be elected.  My friends & acquaintances were all glad to see me & gave me a very cordial greeting.  I have received from Dyson three Hundred dollars by Dr. Campbell.  When I get the fee from Gladden I will send you a check to pay Dr. Irvine if he is at home.  When I have the money I like to pay my bills at once & be done with it.

	Nothing has been done in the Legislature before my arrival.  I took a part in the first debate that occurred yesterday on a contested election.  I think Judge Evans will be elected U. States Senator & Manning Governor.  There are about twenty candidates for Senator.

	Mrs. Brooks & her daughter are at the House, & will remain here till after the commencement Ball.  The clock is now striking five, almost an hour yet till day.  Anna recd your letter last night only. It  ought to have been here the night before.  There is great irregularity in the mails.  I was glad to hear you were all well & doing well.  I hope to hear from you every day.  It is now raining very hard. & has been for the last forty hours.  I am afraid we shall have a terrible freshet again.  If the rains here have been as heavy in the upper country we certainly shall.  Reuben & Charles must see to the cows & especially the one General Thompson gave me.  I hope the horses are not injured by the trip.  Write me all about everything.  Tell the children to behave well & I will give them a present on my return, but nothing if they do not.

	I must now close my letter & write to others.  Sam Townes is sick.  Duncan, Morgan & McBee are all well.  McBee seemed glad to see me & appears very cordial.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville