Letter 217
14 February 1853
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I arrived here safely this evening at five oclock & will write you a few lines.  I cannot forego the opportunity of writing you.  If I wont till I arrive in Washington you will not hear from me in a week or ten days.  It gives me much pleasure to write you when absent as it does you to receive & read the letters.  When I leave home I think a great deal more about my wife & children than when at home.  I will not say I think more of them for they are always equally & incalculably dear to me.

	General Thompson & myself had a very pleasant journey on Sunday to Donalds.  We had a great deal of talk about everything.  We reached Donalds about an hour before sunset and there found Frank Burt on his way to Washington.  He is going on to get office and was delighted to meet us and will travel with us.  He expressed himself under great obligations to me for my kindness in his favor.

	I met also at Donalds Wallace Ioor going to Newberry.  He did not know or was not disposed to talk about his visit.  I thought he was seeking employment.  At Cokesbury we took on Col. William Taylor of Camden.  He said the State had gone over to the Perry partythat I deserved great credit &c.  He was a hot secessionist.  He said I ought to be elected over Orr to Congress & he had understood I could beat him.  We took up Col. Keith of Orangeburg just below Cokesbury.  He was a terrible fire eater, but met me most cordially.  Thompson said that he was glad to see that all of the secessionists were so cordial in their relations with me.  Col. Keith said they all respected me a great deal more than they did the Cooperationists.  He gave me two dollars & requested the Patriot to be sent him.  He speaks of going on to Washington with us

	It is uncertain whether we go through Charleston or not.  Thompson is unwilling to risk the water.

	Janney was very glad to see me.  His little daughter enquired a great deal about Anna.  Janney said where is your little daughter?  Why did you not bring her with you.  Anna seems to be a great favorite with them all.

	I have seen Middlekoff & got a second volume of Harper.  My trip to Columbia has not cost me one cent nor will my lodging here tonight.

	I shall expect to hear from you on my arrival at Washington.  I wish I could be with you tonight & see all the children & hear you teach them their lessons.  I can imagine you all seated around the fireHext nursing, Anna reciting geography, Willie reading Virgil, Frank looking over his lesson & working it & Fanny lying on the sopha.

	God bless you all.  Good night.  I must write to the Patriot.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville