Letter 325
11 March 1855
Greenville

My Dear Daughter

	I received your letter containing your roll of merit or standing in your school & was very much gratified with it.  Your progress in your studies & your behavior in school are creditable to you and your teachers.  You have talents & a capacity to study far above ordinary girls and you should endeavour to improve them.  It gratifies your mother & myself so much to hear a good report of you.

	I would write you oftener, but your mother writes so constantly that it is unnecessary.  We were very much alarmed about the fever but hope that at risk is over.

	I will go down for you about the 12th of April if you insist on it.  But your mother thinks you ought to stay till May.  Write me what you wish to do.

	We are very much obliged to all of your relations for their kindness to you & especially to your aunt Mrs. Hayne.  It was good in her to take you out of danger.  We thank her a thousand times for it.

	We are all well.  Your mother has been busy planting out flowers & gardeningriding our occasionallyonce to Pine Mountain last week, where we may one day live.  Willie studies hard & brought home a very high standing in College last week.  He was perfect in his lessons in Latin & Greek.  Frank does not hurt himself studying, but has a respectable position in his class.  He thinks too much of his pigeonsboll &c.  He spends a god deal of his time at your aunt Susans with Vardry & Alexander.
Fannie is now going to the Academies & seems fond of her books.  She & Annie are very much together & has been to visit old Mr. McBee.  Hext is the picture of health & strength, romping & playing all day.  Hayne is lively, walks & tries to talk, has a breaking out on his head which disfigures his appearance, but is going off.  You will be glad to see how much the little fellow has grown.  The servants are all well.  Edward is in Columbia.  Wiley does well.  Lindy is with your grandmother.  Your Pony is so fat & gaity that you will hardly be able to ride him.

	I go in the morning to Anderson Court & will return the latter part of the week.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Miss Anna Perry
Charleston