Letter 688
13 December 1864
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I did not write you yesterday but I think I have made you a pretty good correspondent since I have been in Columbia.  You likewise have done your duty in that respect & it always gives me great pleasure to receive a letter from you.  I recd a letter from you last night and sorry the weather is so cold.  You had better make John haul wood home and have a good supply to meet the coming bad weather.

	I did not see Fannie yesterday.  She & Lula came to see Mrs. Pickens as Hext tells me.  He was here yesterday evening when I came from the State House.  Governor Pickens & his lady dined with Col. Campbell yesterday & I did not see Mrs. Pickens.  I suppose they have gone this morning.  I saw him at the breakfast table yesterday morning.

	  We did very little in the House yesterday.  By a majority of one vote we sent a message to the Senate to grant an election of Judges tomorrow.  But it is supposed that the Senate will not agree to our Resolution.  Today we commence ballotting for Governor.  No election will be made today.

	I have just come up from breakfast & saw Pickens & Mrs. Pickens.  They could not get off today.  Mrs. Pickens told me she was glad to see Fannie looking so well, that she had called to see her yesterday.  I told her Fannie had been unwell with a bad cold.  Mrs. Pickens came to trhe table whilst I was standing up talking to the governor.  She looked very pretty, and seems as good as she is beautiful.

	I have not heard from Willie since his letter to Fannie.  This makes me think that he is trying to come here as a witness in Wares case.  It would be very pleasant to meet him, but the trip will cost considerable.  Col. Wares eldest son came down last night on his way to Charleston to join the cadets.  He seems a fine boy.  I have heard nothing from Vardry.  I suppose Susan hears froom him.

	There is no news.  The yankees are near Savannah & I suppose fightingthis time.  Though yesterday there was a report that they were going round Savannah.  General L says they cannot capture Savannah.  I will now close.  If anything happens before night.  I will write you again.  Your affect[ionate] husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville