Letter 719
5 December 1865
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just rece[ive]d your letter of Sunday morning in which you regret I am no longer Provisional Governor.  How apt you are to make mistakes.  It seems you always construe everything of a public nature wrong.  I am still Provisional Governor & afraid I shall have to remain so for some time yet.  In my address which you read. I state that hereafter I will communicate with Gov. Orr instead of the Legislaturethat is all.  I telegraphed the President  to let me turn the government over to Gov. Orr & he will not even answer my request.  He has telegraphed me since, but says nothing about Gov. Orr, or my quitting the office,  I shall have to continue how long I know not.  The President telegraphed me that it was not necessary for the S.C. members to be there at the organization of Congress.  But Col. Farrow has gone on & took my account to git the money due me $1300.  Gov. Manning & Aiken are both going on.  As soon as I hear that I will be allowed to take my seat I will go, but not till then.  If not relieved, I will then resign my Governorship.

	We are all anxiety to see the Presidents Message.  It is the most important paper ever deleivered by a President for woe or weal to the South.  I still have confidence in Johnson & believe that all will come right.

	I did not go to Charleston.  Gov. Orr went.  General Sickles had prepared a quiet dinner for General Grant, Gov. Perry & Gov. Orr and the citizens wished to give us a dinner but Grant declined.  Orr said General Grant assured him all the negro troops should be removed to the garrisons in the Forts.  General Sickles was very kind & favorable.  His wife is not with him.  Gov. Orr came back yesterday, says he saw myin Charleston.  Gov. Magrath is to be here.  His recent letter has disgusted his friends in Charleston.

	Governor  Pickens has written me two long letters.  He is very much allarmed at not being pardoned.  He enclosed me a letter to the President, & I am afraid he will keep reminding the President of his case, till something will be done with him.  He is very much like you.  You are some kin I believe.

	I send you Mrs. Keiths letter.  She is getting nervous too.  I wrote her a beautiful letter, defending President Johnson & cheering her up as to the condition of the Country.  I advised her to go to Philadelphia for a change.  She wants society.

	Carter Pool has offered me a fine riding horse whenever I wish it.  I took a long ride Sunday with General Easley.  Met Fannie coming from church.  In the evening Col. Dawkins & myself went up to see her.  Mr. Janney treated us to wine, brandy apples, cheese, crackers &c.  Yesterday I went to the Senate & met Fannie with Mrs. LeConte & Lula.  She dined with them.  I dined with General Easley, Genl Butler, General Kershaw and others at Mrs. Caldwells.  Then went at night to Janneys where there was a party.  This morning I went with Mr. Lord & others  to see General Ames & git him to have the State Archives sent back from Yorkville to Columbia.  He kindly agreed to furnish ten wggons & teams to haul them.  Lord &  were very much impressed with his politeness.  Mrs. LeConte seemed very friendly & kind to Fannie & myself.  She is afraid they will have to go to Louisiana to live.  The College here will not support them.  The Trustees meet tomorrow evening again.

	Tell Mrs. Butler I have not heard anything of her.  The other day I rece[ive]d from Philadelphia a letter to General Butlerperhaps from his sister.  General Martin told me that his sister Mrs. Bostick had opened a Boarding House in Washington for Southern members & wished me to stay with her.

	Birnie goes up in the morning & I will send you some papers.  Fannie has one containing a handsome compliment to me.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville