Letter 604
11 June 1861
Camp Hampton

Dear Mamma

	You have no doubt been surprised at not hearing from me oftener than I have been writing.  But the truth is that the difficulty of writing is so great that I can hardly bring myself to do it.  The box you sent down was duly received yesterday.  I have not opened it yet as John Hughson came from home yesterday where he had been on furlough and brought some eatables.  The mess arrangements and the tent arrangements of the Captain were broken up.  We now mess together, the whole company at one table.  As to tenting we tent as we choose and not according to size as the Captain wanted.  There are six of us in a tent.  In my tent there is Tom Adams, Bill Thompson, Ferguson & his brother, Hughson & myself making six, and I think a very good mess.  The feeding both of men & horses has improved to what it was formerly but it is still very poor.  Coffee, bread & bacon are the principal things we have.  Sometimes we have Irish potatoes.  I will send one of the boxes I have here tomorrow or next day.  And by the time you are ready to send it back we will have eat up what you sent yesterday.  Perhaps you had better add to the direction to the care of J.N. Feaster, as he has a good deal of sending to the company from Columbia.  If it is directed to me in the Brooks Troop, Hamptons Legion it will come right, and there would be no use in directing it to Janney.  There is no telling what time we will leave here, some say in a few days, some say not before a month.  We get on pretty well.  We have to drill three or four hours a day.  It is very warm here, and we have no dressing or undressing to do, as we go to bed in our clothes, and all we have to do towards dressing is to wash our faces, not even brushing our hair.  But I like it pretty well as it is no trouble.  They make each sargent or corporal  officer of the guard to take charge of it for 24 hours, and last Sunday I was officer of the guard, and had to attend to relieving the sentinels every two hours.  Consequently though our Captain preached I didnt hear him.  I had to be awake all night Sunday night.

	Butlers Company came in the other day, and the Williamston Company came in yesterday.  The Artillery was expected very soon.  So the Legion is being made up pretty rapidly.  I hear that Bozemans Company has been received.

	My health so far has beenis sick.  He was quite sick yesterday, but is better today.  It was an attack of dysentery he had.  Bill Beattie wrote me yesterday saying he would be down about the middle of the week.  Give my love to all, and to Grandma, Aunt Ann & to Aunt Susan for the provisions she sent.  They are very acceptable.

	I will now close.  Your Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville