Letter 670
3 November 1863
Greenville

My dear Liz

	I have concluded not to go to Glencoe this morningyou being thereall purposes.  I saw Zach Wood yesterday, and told him I would be at his house Monday morning and I should like to go, but I should loose thirty or forty dollars perhaps by being absent Monday & Tuesday.  I have had profitable business every day since you left.  Absalom Blythe brought me his uncles Will the day you left.  He has left him thirty or forty thousand dollars.  Will Butler was here last night and told me Blythe & Miss Emily Earle were engaged.  She is going to do well.

	Yesterday another Will of McWilliam was brought me.  He had been to see me whilst I was at Spartanburg & then went to Spartanburg to see me.  It was important business.  I made five dollars each day by advice since you have been gone,  So you see I shall have to give up Glencoe to you.

	Last night I rece[ive]d a letter from Willie.  It was directed to you.  He is quite well & wrote Wiley had returned &c.

	There is no news of any importance.  I am glad our sweet potatoes turned out so well.  The lard you got & butter are very acceptable.  It was well to get it at once as Ward might have let it go to someone else.

	I will send you two or three bushels of salt which you can swap off for pork & Beef.  Engage all the port you can.

	Johny had better come down & carry back Charley to haul corn if you can get Bostons waggon & then plough in the wheat with Charley & the colt.  Tell Alfred he had better slip shuck the corn as he pulls it & throws it into the crib without further shucking.  It keeps better & will save time.  There will be enough straw & corn tops to winter the cattle with the shucks as the corn is fed away.  The crib will hold all the corn slip shucked.

	I dined with Mr. Boyce yesterday with Trescot & Wilson.  Fannie dined with Mrs. Dr. Earle.  You must come down Wednesday if a good day.  Charlotte & Sarah went to Williamston this morning.  Louis seems to do well.  We are all well.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe