Letter 596
[ca. 1860]

A Trinute of Respect
       The Acting Midshipmen of the United States Military Academy at Annapolis, hearing last summer of the heath of their Friend & Classmate, Benjamin F. Perry, Jr., immediately wrote his Parents & obtained permission to erect over his grave a Monument in testimony of their love and friendship.  This rare & exquisitely piece of monumental sculpture reached our village the other day & now covers the remains of the pure, gallant, generous youth.  It is indeed a noble tribute of youthful friendship.  There is nothing more beautiful & classic in design, or execution, in any cemetery I have ever seen.  It does equal honor to those who designed and the artist, John Baird of Philadelphia, who executed.  The Pedestal is four feet high, the Shaft six, all of thewhite marble.  On the front of the Pillar are inscribed in raised letters, Benjamin Franklin Perry, acting midshipman in the United States Nacy.  Born July 19th 1843, died July 3d 1860.  Aged 17 years.  On the reverse side are the words Erected by the Acting Midshipmen of the United States Naval Academy, in testimony of their love & esteem fir their deceased friend and classmate.  On one side of the Pillar, enclosed in a wreath of Laurel oak leaves branch partly covered, are the words, Pure, generous, gallant,  On the other side the familiar name of the decreased, Frank, surrounded with a wreath of Ivy leaves & flowers skillfully intertwined.  The shaft is exquisitely fluted, & ending in a bundle of spears.  Around the Shaft is gracefully folded the United States Flad with the stars & stripes.  At the lower end of the marble column, where it rests on the Pillar is a shield covered with stars & stripes & on the shield in raised lettering are the words, Given to his country, Taken to his Gods.  A large Anchor, with a coil of rope, and a cannon ball, the emblem of the Navy are resting by the side of the shield.  The American Eagleto life & nature is perched on the top
of the shaft holding in his beak a wreath of Laurels, onea cannon ball and the other resting on the flag of the United States.

	Such a tribute of respect to the memory of their deceased son, by the gallant, generous & noble hearted classmates, has deeply touched the grieving hearts of his parents.  If the enduring qualities of one so young, could have drawn from his associates, such a beautiful & costly tribute of friendship to his memory, what a bright future may they not have hoped for in his manhood.