Letter 634
10 December 1861
 Columbia

My dear Liz

	Hext & myself arrived here this evening safely & had a very pleasant journey down.  Mrs. Perry Duncan & Mrs. Sloan Duncan came with un on their way to the army.  The former to see her sick son Robert, & the latter to see her loving husband.  At the Abbeville road we fell in company with Judge Wardlaw & Mrs. Golding who asked about you very kindly.  Mrs. Cunningham is very dis says Mrs. Golding.  Pamela is quite well.  John is broke and dependent on his mother & Pamela.

	At Newberry Judge ONeall joined us.  The Board of Trustees met tonight but did not form a corum & made no election of President.

	The people of Charleston are in great apprehension of the capture of their City.  They are fleeing with their plate & valuables.

	I met this evening Mr. Petigru, Col. Preston, Judge Glover, Col. Dawkins and many other friends.

	Captain Hawthorn goes up in the morning & is just from the army.

	Everyone says the Legislature is very weak and they all regret my absence.

	I will go down in the morning to see the Legislature, the Greenville Regiment, Col. Hayne & Mrs. LeConte who has enquired of all my friends about me.

	Hext wishes to see the yankee Prisoners.  He sat up till I returned from the Board of Trustees & is now sleeping soundly.

	I saw Col. Ware, Col. Hoke, Dr. Hall& Dr. Sullivan who are all quite well with Mr. Stokes.  I saw Alston Hayne who enquired kindly after al of you.

	There is no war news.  I shall be at home Friday evening.  The weather is very warm.

	I hope John & Harry will go on hauling wood so that when I return we may carry the wagon to Glencoe.

	Columbia is looking dull.  I have not yet seen Yeadon.

	It is now about eleven oclock and I will close.

	I hope your aunts are better & that all the rest of you are well.

	Judge Wardlaw said he knew Hext was a Perry.  He says when a Boy he the Judge & other school boys used to speak or extract from an oration of Hext McCall whilst they were at school.  Your affectionate [husband], B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville