Letter 477
18 April 1858
Greenville

My dear Son

	I received your letter last week, which was delayed several days, by the carelessness of some Post Master.  It was sent to Greenville N.C. & forwarded to Greenville &c.

	I was pleased, my dear Son, with your letter.  It was well written & beautifully written, giving a favorable account of yourself & studies.  But since that I have received your Report for March in which you have 26 demerits!  What were they for?  How did you get so many demerits in one month?  Tell me all about it?  What have you done?

	I am trying to make my arrangements so as to visit you next Saturday night, but I may not be able to get off.  I have to leave here on Thursday in order to get back in time for the Court of appeals the second day of May.  If I get off, I shall not be able to go further than Annapolis.  I will not be able to visit Willie.  But my getting off at all is very uncertain.  I wish to see you very much.

	Anna is still improving, but still in bed & very weak with a bad cough.  Dr. Earle thinks she will recover, & be as well as she ever was.  I hope so & think so.    But it will be a long time before she recovers her strength.

	The rest are all well.  Your grandmother & aunt Susan & families are all well.  Fannie, Hext & Hayne are going to school.  Arthur is growing finely & looks well.  He will not talk yet, but understands all that is said to him.

	Willie Beattie and Sallie Cleveland are to be married Tuesday evening at the Episcopal church.    They are to have grant parties at Choices & Beatties.

	You must my son for your own sake & for the love you have for your mother & myself be studious & good.  Do not let them dismiss you for want of hard study or good conduct.  Remember you must be a gallant officer of our noble navy.  What a situation you have & how much you will loose if dismissed.  How disgraceful too to be dismissed.

	I hope to hear from you Monday.  I did not hear from Willie last week.  He was doing well when we last heard from him.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Frank Perry
Annapolis