Letter 93
10 December 1847
Columbia

   My dear Liz

	I now have scarcely time to eat my meals as a man should.  Yesterday morning I rose before daylight, shaved by a candle, dressed & commenced writing my reports as Chairman of the Committee on Finance & Banks which I continued till fifteen minutes before nine, when I went to breakfast.  At nine oclock I met the committee on Finance & Banks & sat till ten oclock, when the Senate met.  I sat in the Senate from ten till five oclock, when we went to dinner.  At six oclock I was back in the Senate chamber sitting on committee.  This continued till nine in the night when we adjourned to supper.  I read the newspapers & went to bed.  And I am now writing to you at seven oclock.

	I saw Mr. Elford last night.  He called at my room about ten oclock, handed me a letter from Mr. Choice & said he had a bag from you to me which he would send me this morning.  Mr. Speers arrived here Wednesday night, & I am always glad to see anyone from Greenville.  But they brought very little news.  I thought that you were out of the way of news, but that if I could see anyone from Greenville they could tell me a great deal.  This was a mistake.

	I am truly glad to hear from your last letter that Hooker is going on with the fence.  Tell him to have it finished before I return.  It would give me great pleasure on my return to see the old fence removed, which has been an eye sore to you so long.

	Tell William I recd his letter & will write him as soon as I can.  You will see a report of my speech on the Electoral Bill in the Daily Telegraph which I still send you zi suppose.

	Chancellor Dunkin gave me $25.00 for Mrs. Doyley again.  You will expend for her the balance I left with you if you have not already spent it for yourself.

	I have recd another letter from Heath giving the most flattering account of my prospects in Pickens.  Everyone who hears Orr speak is astonished that he should have the impudence to oppose me.  I have made some good speeches on the Electoral Bill & have acquired some reputation for speaking.

	There is a Bill reported to elect an additional Judge.  I have opposed it in committee & shall continue to do so in the Senate.

	The trial of Judge Richardson comes on tomorrow.  What will be the result I cannot tell.  The House has agreed to adjourn Friday week 17 inst.  The Senate have not concurred yet.

	The Senate gave Judge Harpers family $2000 yesterday which I voted against.  His family are said to be penyless.

	Write me all about the children.  How I should like to see the dear little creatures.  Fanny, I shall hardly know.  Tell Anna that she must learn fast & be a good girl.  Tell Frank to dream of me & be a good boy.  Tell Willie I am glad he is head.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville