Letter 418
14 October 1857
Greenville

My dear Son

	I returned from Anderson Court last night & received your letter of the 9th Inst.  I have to go back to court in the morning and will write you a letter whilst I am at home.

	Your letters give us great satisfaction, & I hope you will study hard & behave well, so as to get no demerit at all.  Strive for this my son.

	I saw Mr. Suber at Anderson who told me all about Lanes rejection.  He thinks of preparing himself for West Point & trying to get in there when he is old enough.

	You must write me what you are studyinghow often you recite your lessons how long & how often you drillhow you like the different Professors & students.

	Col. Orr was very much pleased to hear you had entered the naval Academy.  He saw all the news in the Washington union newspaper before I saw him.  The Colonel says he knows Mr. Bradford of California, who was a Presidential Elector & he supposes him to be the father of your roommate, & that he is a very clever gentleman.

	I know a Mr. Grimball who was Senator from one of the Parishes, & perhaps some kin or may be the father of your fellow student & drill master.

	The check I sent you you ought to get the money for if you have not done so, Mr. Hammond will give you the money for it.  You are quite rich in the way of money now & must take care of it & not spend it foolishly.  Youi ought to try & lay up a part of your pay till you come home or graduate.

	I do not know how you had so much money left after paying Mrs. Green.  What was her Bill for board &c.?

	When you are allowed to get out, you must go & see Mrs. Green & Mr. Miller, & keep out of all bad company & away from all bad places.  Give our love to Mrs. Green & Mr. Miller, Mr. May, Mr. Cobb. The Secretary of the Navy, & Captain Blake thanking them for all their kindness to you.

	Do you get the Patriot regularly?  Does your watch keep good time?  What have you to eat?

	I was sorry for poor little lane.  He said he did care so much about staying after you had been rejected.  He seemed a good boy.

	We are all well.  Arthur is running about once more.  We heard from Willie & Anna lately.  They are well except Anna still has a cough.

There is nothing new in the village.  The Baptist have a fair tonight.  The Episcopalians had one last week & made three or four hundred dollars.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

P.S. Fold up your letters like I dodouble them in the same way.  Your mode is awkward.

Frank Perry
Annapolis