Letter 699
18 July 1865
Willards Hotel, [Washington]

My dear Liz

	I arrived here yesterday evening quite well, but very mush fatigued.  I wrote you a long letter at Charlotte, thence to Danville where we spent the night & overtook Dr. Darby & General Prestons daughter, also Mr. Mordecai & all his family who had been waiting there two days, for a passage to Richmond.  The Rail Road had been exclusively employed on transporting Federal troops.  I was vert much pleased with Dr. Darby & have seldom met a more intelligent pleasant younger gentleman.  His wife is a magnificent looking lady.  We did not reach Richmond till next morning.  I slepton my arrival here.  I addressed a note to the President, & he sent word he would answer in writing, but I have not yet heard from him.  There was a Cabinet meeting today & I suppose he has delayed designating our meeting till after that,.

	General Gue formerly in command at Charleston sent up his card as soon as he saw my name registered & sat with me two hours.  I was very much pleased with him.  Mr. Taggert a correspondent for newspapers called whilst the General was with me & took my speech to have published in the Washington papers.  Col. Beale called this morning & a dozen others.  The Col. is low spirited.  His wife is at Society Hill.  My arrival was announced this morning in the Washington & New York papers.

	The improvement in Washington is very great.  It seems I have got into a new world.  Everything [is] on a splendid scale.  My room is a large private parlor.  Theis most & we have everything  thatcan desire.  I bought this morning a new hat $6.50 & slacks $..., hat for Willie & one for Hayne & Ben.  I will wait till we go to Baltimore to fill up your list as good are much cheaper there.

	I find Col. Orr has troupes of friends in Washington.  He has been very kind to me.  Says if I wish to be U. States Senator there will be no difficulty about it.  I found my companions on the route all very pleasant & we have enjoyed ourselves very much.  James Gibbs returned this morning from New York & called to see me.  He says Miss Graham was in rapture at my appointment.  He left her in New York.  She is going to returnwent on to shop.

	It is said that President Johnson is very kind towards the South.  He has pardoned everybody who makes application.  This morning I signed recommendations for the pardon of Col. Orr, General McGowan, Col. Elford & others.  The Presidents wife is very sick & he has been sick himself.

	Mr. Gibbs will leave here this morning & take the letter to Columbia.  Not having seen the President yet I have not much to write you.  It is probable I mayhave three or four days yet and then I shall have to stop in Columbia to see General Gilmore.  But I will be at home the last of July.

	In the morning I suppose my speech will make its appearance & this evening I will see what the New York papers say of me.  Col. Evans telegraphed Grady that our arrival was announced  & everyone said last night that the Herald would be full of the governors arrival in Washington.

	Tell Fannie I will make her purchases in Baltimore.  We will take a steamer there for Richmond.  Tell Willie his hat is a very pretty one.  Caps are not worn by children & I bought vestspretty for Hayne & Ben.

	I am now going down to look at the old capitol  & must therefor conclude by subscribing myself your affectionate & loving husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville