Letter 608
18 June 1861
Camp Hampton

Dear Mamma

	Your box of Butter came safely to hand yesterday, and we all think that the Butter is as fine as any we ever saw.  In fact butter was a thing I missed as much as anything.  I think it would be as well to direct simply to me without saying to the care of anyone, as it might delay and not hasten the arrival of the box.  Dont send me any Coffee-pot as we have one already.

	As to Papas coming down to see me I would prefer his coming later as there is great probability of our staying here some time longer.  Austins company has received arms but they are not very well pleased with them.  They are the old-fashioned muskets rifled out.  Smiths company at first refused to receive them but finally consented.  Mr. Westfield was no doubt joking when he said we would probably be ordered to the Va. Springs.

	Mr. Thomas account was rather flattering, but still we do pretty well having as we do our boxes from home.  I was up all last night again being sargent of the Guard and consequently feel pretty tired & sleepy, and dont feel like writing, so you must excuse the shortness of this letter.  This day is fast day and the Company has gone into town to attend church and drill, but I am here, as I was up last night, and so am excused.

	I wrote the above yesterday since which time Bill Beattie has arrived bringing my bit. and bowie knife.  The bit was not made according to my directions but it will do.  We were mustered into the Confederate service this morning by Captain Calhoun, and our horses will be valued this evening.  The bundle of ham & biscuits also came down yesterday.  If possible I want to go up home myself, before leaving for Virginia, but it is very doubtful whether I can get off.  Mr. McBee has resigned, and been excused from the company.  The rest of the non-commissioned officers rose by promotion, so Moore is 3rd Lieutenant Williams 1st Sargent & myself 2nd Sargent.

	I think Grandma sold her place cheap, but no doubt it was better than to keep it on her hands.  Give my love to her and Aunt Susan & Aunt Annie.  I have been to Columbia twice since I have been here.  Our Captain is very strict about granting leave.  I will write you about what time we leave so that Pa can come down just before leaving.  The impression is that we will leave soon.  Hampton says that he is under orders now to go to Virginia.  He is getting better, and was out to our parade.  Mr. Gibbs also has been excused, his brother taking his place.

	I have nothing to write of interest to you, and so will close.  Your Affectionate Son. W.H. Perry

P.S. Give my love to Fannie, Hext, Hayne, Ben and his servants.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville