Letter 225
25 February 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I have rece[ive]d no letter from you for two days.  I went to the Post office this morning myself, but could find nothing for me.  I hope it is owing to the Boats not connecting with the Rail Road owing to the winds, which very often happens.  Tomorrow I may get two letters from you.  General Thompson has not rece[ive]d any letters either for two days past.

	Last evening I spent a delightful time at the Presidents & everything was magnificent, which I shall mention in my letter to the Patriot.  Just before we sat down to the table a naval officer came in, in full dress,  & I thought his name was announced Commodore McCall.  Consequently I thought he might be your uncle.  I looked at him & thought I could see a striking family likeness between you & him.  I had heard that you favored your Father.  I watched the old fellow & was pleased with his manners.  I thought they were something like yours.  My mind was made up that he must be your uncle.  I was thinking of letting the old man know who I was but first concluded to ask the Presidents son , a young gentleman who seemed master of ceremonies something more about the commodore.  In reply Mr. Fillmore told me his name was McCauly & that he had just returned from the Pacific on duty.  Away went all my conjectures &c.

	I was very much pleased with the President.  Commodore Stockton was there.  Governor Winthrop, Governor Jones of Tennessee, Mr. Thackeray an English writer of distinction & a good many members of Congress.

	Today I went to see the Washington Monument & the Smithsonian Institute.  Then I went to the Capitol.  Col. Summer came yesterday & he went with me to the Institute & the Capitol.  There Armistead Burt took possession of me & we rambled all over the city.  He carried me to where there were a great many pretty things for sale & into a great many nice stores.  I bought six more shirts for $12.75, six silk pocket handkerchiefs for $5.25cts.  They are now used Burt says instead of Linen.  I am glad of it for they do better.

	General Thompson went to see General Pierce this morning.  I have not yet been to call on him.  This is the first day he has recd company generally.

	I hope you & the children are all well. I am very anxious to see you all again.  Burt asked me this morning how many children I had.  I noticed a pretty little child.  He said he did not notice such things.  Yours affectionately, B.F.P.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville