Letter 658
18 April 1863
Greenville

My dear Liz

	The morning I left you I met McMakin who told me the enemy had all left Charleston.  I stopped
at Dr. Mooneys to see the papers, but he had taken them off with him.  They will no doubt return again.  I stopped at Wearns but there is no chance of getting any yarn for several weeks.  The contrary report was false.

	When I reached home I found Hey waiting to consult me about his distillery.  He is arrested & will pay me handsomely.  Whilst talking to him in my office, . Fannie came running in to tell me Willie had come!  I was very much surprised & gratified to see him & know that he was safe.  This will be gratifying news to you.  He was pleased with his trip to Charleston & told Miss McCord that when the yankees heard his cavalry had come down they all ran off!

	Willie left this morning for Columbia & will stay there till Thursday when he goes on horseback to Virginia.  Edward Stokes came up last night & will go back Monday morning.  Last night they had a big frolic at Col. Goodletts.  Fannie will write you all about that.

	The Buggy broke [word obscured] I came down & had to be [word obscured] the shop.  Hext went today after the flour to Westmore.  He will go to Glencoe in the morning.  I am writing you now about noon as I am at leisure.

	The day after I arrived here I filed Bill for Maj. Clo against Pleasant Jenkins for a negro woman.  I have made five or ten dollars every day since I came back,  Today I have been employed in an Equity casie in Pickens for Dr. Hunter against Hunt.

	I had to give Willie $250 more to carry him  and his men on to Virginia,

	I have planted two beds in the garden in cabbage plants & one in beans since I came back.  Cnarlotte hoed out the Irish potatoes.

	Vardry & ten or fifteen boys ran off & went to Charleston.  Vardry has joinedRegiment.  The others came home on furlough last night & say thery have joined Holl artillery.  Susan seems satisfied with Vardrys running off & the McBees are all pleased at it,

	The weather is fine and I hope you have had the negroes well employed  in ploughing corn & breaking the land.  I have bought three pounds of nails.  Let Fisher nail plank over the big cracks in the smoke house & he can daub the small ones without plank.  I stopped at Earles mill & left $10 for flour.  Get your meat from Carroll.  It is selling at $1 per pound down here.  Ste had his house broken open the other night $2500 worth of  tobacco stolen & some meat!  No discovery as to the thief.  Held has sold Andy for $2500 & he goes to Augusta.

	As soon as your smoke house is finished & the corn planted come down.  You had better drive Charley in the Buggy.  Bill does better in the wagon which goes slowly.  Let them take two days & bring provisions with them for horses & negroes on the road.

	We are all doing very well, but would do better with you.

	No war news of any consequence.  I will now close as Hext can tell you what I have omitted to write.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe