Letter 635
19 December 1861
Camp Wigfall

Dear Mamma

	I will write you a few lines today as I have not much to do, and as you complain of my not writing enough.  Mr. Day came on the other day and gave me the latest news from home.  He said that Pa went down to Columbia the day he came on.  He will probably get a furlough for his son and will go home with him as soon as he succeeds in getting it.  It has been signed by the surgeon, and has gone up to head-quarters to be signed there.  He will probably get it in a few days.  Lieut[enant] Prince will also get a furlough at the same time and go home with him.  He is still pretty sick, but I believe it is as much home-sickness as any other sort of sickness.  Mr. Westfield and Richardson have been sent to the Hospital at Charlottesville.  Mr. Westfield has Rheumatism, and I think ought to have a furlough or discharge as he is unfit for service.  Charley Ketchum and Good are also at the Charlottesville Hospital.

	The Cavalry yesterday returned from a scouting expedition.  They had a little sort of skirmish with the yankees.  I was not in the party, being kept in camp on guard, because I was just getting well from sickness.  They came up with a party of yankee Cavalry, who fired on our men and then retreated.  One of our men (Griffin of the Edgefield Company) was wounded on the chin, which was all of our loss.  Our men pursued them some distance, but did not come up with them, and were afraid to follow for fear of an ambuscade.

	Ten men from each company of Cavalry have been armed with Enfield Rifles to act as mounted Riflemen.  This party the night previous came up on a party of two yankee pickets, and fired on them but missed.  The most of our Company were not in the engagement with the yankee Cavalry, having been taken around another way to intercept their retreat; but they arrived too late to do so, owing to Col. Hamptons delaying them on the way.  As I was not on the scout I am rather glad that our company was not in it, for I would hate for them to get into a fight of any size and me not to be there.  As I wrote in my last letter I am now entirely well.

	Pa wrote to ask me if I wanted a horse cover.  I have made one already out of a blanket and oil-cloth, so I think my horse can get along without a regular cover.  Mr. Gaillard will be here in a day or two.  I understand he has 27 b[page torn] along with him.  We will probably be paid off in a few days.  I am extremely sorry to hear of the burning of Charleston.  It must be a terrible loss to a great many.  I dont know whether my old over-coat will last me during the war, so if you want to you can have a new Military over-coat made for me, if you can get the cloth.  Bill Beattie has the right sort of one.  But you need not put yourself to much trouble as I may be able to make out.

	I have nothing more to write.  There dont seem to be much prospect of a general fight.

        Give my love to all.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville