Letter 48
22 July 1846
Albany

My dear Liz

	I cannot resist the temptation which a few leisure moments afford me of writing to you.  I have nothing to write and yet it gives me pleasure to say so, and I know you will take pleasure in reading such a communication from me in a far distant land.  I wish I could only receive a similar communication from you tonight.  But that pleasure will be denied me until my return to New York & next to Boston.

	I wrote you on leaving New York.  I will now bring my journey up to this time.  Tuesday morning we got on board the steamboat for Albany.    From the time we started until we reached this city the scenery on the Hudson was a continual picture.  To me it was an enchanted view the whole way.  I did not know before that a landscape could be so beautiful.  It is worth travelling a thousand miles to see the beautiful river the high & precipitous banks, rugged cliffs, splendid mansions, lovely Farms, fertile & highly cultivated & improved, the flocks of cattle &c all admiration & wonder.  The Boat was crowded with men, women & childrenseveral hundred.  I took my seat in the extreme part of the forward deck & continued to gaze on the bewildering scenery.  Col. Fair & Mr. Nance joined me and Mr. Hobby assistant Post Master General united himself to us.  He was familiar with every spot & could point out every house & cliff & village.  He was born on the banks of the Hudson.  I found him a most intelligent & agreeable gentlemanvery much like Mr. Calhoun in appearance & talks like him.   I never saw a prettier place than Newburgh a town on the Hudson.  The Catskill mountains looked to me very much like the Saluda mountains.

	We reached the city at five oclock.  The British Legation, Mr. Cronston, was on board, a very plain looking gentleman.  Albany is a beautiful Town, built on the side of a hill & on top of the Hill.  every rain washes the paved streets clean.  The convention of New York is now in session at this place.  We went last evening to visit the capitol & were very politely shown over the House by one of the members, Mr. Townsend.  In the morning I found that Mr. Conbreliry & Mr. Kemble were members of the convention & boarding at the House we stopped at.  I sent them Mr. Poinsetts letters & they were very civil to me.  Mr. Kemble is one of the most accomplished gentlemen I have met with, an old Bachelor & as I was told in Washington the Siamese friend of Mr. Poinsett.  I have had a great deal of conversation with him.  Governor Wright is not at home today.    My letter to him I will keep till I return.    Mr. Conbreliry is a very plain sensible gentleman, but not remarkable for anything except his good sense.

	We start in the morning for Niagara Falls.  It is now raining very hard & I am afraid it may rain tomorrow.  The next letter I write you will be posted in her Majestys dominions & in it you may expect a description of Niagara & the lakes.

	Tell Will I will bring him a nice suit of clothes from Canada.  Tell Anna & Frank I will bring them something pretty.  And I must get a present for you from Queen Victorias

	My dear wife good night &c.  All of my letters are written in great haste as I have not time to travel, look, write & sleep all at the same time.  It seems to me.  I have been in one continual hurry from the time I started.  Travelling is not pleasant, except that you see so much.  Remember me to your mother, Susan, McBee & Anne.  Good night, your husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville