Letter 614
19 July 1861
Ashland, Va.

Dear Mamma

	I now sit down or rather lie down to write you a letter in reply to your last one.  I received one from Pa since yours came.  I dont know but what it would be as well to continue directing your letters to Richmond, for in that case when we move from here they would be more likely to be forwarded on to us than if they were in this place which is quite a small place.  All the letters from you have been forwarded on here without delay from Richmond.  As to when we leave this place I cannot say definitely.  The report is that we are to leave for Manassas Junction in a day or two.  It is said that Butlers Company will leave tomorrow, but I dont think they will leave that soon.  I think we will leave in a few days.  You have no doubt heard of the big fight which occurred yesterday at Manassas Junction.  The account of it in this mornings paper was very meagre; we look for fuller accounts tomorrow.

	We are getting on very well here.  It is the place that we have been camped at.  The water is as good as any I ever tasted, and very convenient.  Butter is 25 & 30 cts a pound, not 9 cts as McClain wrote.  There is not much of it for sale at any price, nor much Butter-milk.  We buy both whenever we get a chance.  Butter-milk sells for 5 cts a quart.  We have very good fare.  Beef, Bacon, rice, Coffee, meal, sugar, are about all we have.  They do very well.  My Mess is now composed of Thompson, Hughson, 2 Stairlings, Bolling, Westmoreland, 2 Fergusons, Davenport, & Mr. Westfield is also in it.  Thompson, Hughson, the 2 Fergusons and myself sleep in the same tent.  We drill twice a day, at 7 in the morning and at 4 in the evening, for 2 hours at each time.  While we are not on drill we can spend our time as we please.    We can go out into the town or anywhere not over a mile from Camp.  We get up and attend roll call at half-past 4 in the morning: from then until 7 we have to get breakfast, feed, water, and curry our horses though Wiley has done all the currying of my horse.  At 7, as I said before, we go on drill for two hours.    Yesterday we began taking lessons in the sword exercise instead of drilling on horseback, which lessons I suppose will continue for some time.  Mr. Johnson the Chaplain of the Legion teaches us the sword exercise; he is a graduate of West Point.  We have to attend roll-call at 7 in the evening, and also at 9.  At a quarter past lights have to be put out and we have to go to sleep.  Such is our daily life in Camp.  I found my cap just before we were leaving Columbia, and as the Company had by that time adopted black hats instead of caps, I gave it to Wiley and have since been wearing my hat.  The Company a day or two since determined to have a new uniform made, to be paid for out of our wages, and arrangements are being made to have it done.  I have clothes enough.  Wiley works for my Mess and curries my house, which is still doing very well.  Several of the horses were foundered by the trip from Richmond here, and one of them belonging to Austin died.  Austin has gone to Richmond to see Hampton about getting another horse.  Wiley is getting on very well, and says he wants you to write to his wife for him.  I find him a great convenience.  Captain Lanneau is not at all popular in the company.  I cant say he is unkind to his men, for he does not seem to care much how his men get on, so that he gets on well himself.  Willie Beatties hand is improving slowly.  He can manage his horse with his right hand, but when we get to using sabres on horseback, I dont know how he will do.  I cant say that I am very anxious for a fight, though I would just as soon go to fighting at once as I will have it to do sooner or later.

	It will not be at all dangerous for Pa to be in Richmond.  There is no danger of that place being attacked until they whip us everywhere else.  He will have to get a passport to go from Richmond to where we are or where we will be at, or to any portion of the army, but I dont suppose he will find any difficulty in procuring one.  Ferguson wants him to bring on his boy and I hope he will do it.  Carson & Pearson spoke of getting him to bring on some money for them & John Hughson wants him to get a Bowie Knife for him & bring it on to him.  Mr. McKay has not yet been here on his way home from Manassas Junction.  He said he would be here by last Wednesday.  Mr. Gaillard & Moore I am happy to say have & are in excellent health.  It is time for me to close.  Give my love to Grandma, & my Aunts & all.  Your Son, W.H. Perry

P.S. Tom Adams is now Captain of Bozemans Company, Bozeman having resigned on account of his  health.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville