Letter 651
16 February 1863
Greenville

My dear Liz

	We reached home last evening about half past five all safe, pleasant day, met a great many soldiers returning.  Bill Fisher & two others took dinner with us on the road.  They all abused Elford terribly.

	Just as we were getting out of the carriage at the kitchen Allston Hayne rode up & took supper with us.  He returned ai uncle Allstons & went home today.

	After supper a man from Anderson came to get me to issue a Bail Writ & I made five dollars in cash Sunday night.

	Today my office has been full of loafers & some Clients.  I booked five dollars today.  I got ten bushels of corn last night of Pool & Hext brought it home this morning, so I have somethiong to feed horses on.  I have written to Newberry C.H. for corn today again.  Times are terrible.  Susan paid eight  per bushel for Irish potatoes to plant.  Get all thepotatoes you can and as soon as you can.  Ito plant a great many at Gelncoe.

	Harry has prepared one bed in the garden for potatoes & I will plant tomorrow if the weather is good.

	I bought a parcel of garden seed of Watson today & will send you a part of them.  Sow the lettuce & one paper of radishes.  Get some more cabbage seed if you can but I bought two papers of Watson.  Sow the turnips as soon as you please.  Broadcast on one of your beds after manuring it.

	It is now raining half after six in the evening & Hext may not get off in the morning.

	They all express great surprise at your staying at Glencoe.  Duncan told me everybody was about to st, says Maj. Mauldin chose to sell negoers to live.

	Tell Carruth I have got his receipt for the five thousand dollars Bond & I paid eighty dollars.

	I am writing in my office & waiting for the mail.  The cars do not come till half after six & leave half after four in the morning.

	I recd a letter from Willie which I will send you.  I feel glad I am at home once more but wish you were here with me.  After fixing your garden you must come back & stay here.  In the summer we will go up there & live.  I have been very busy today & have not read the newspapers at all so I have no news to write you.

	Anne took dinner with us.  Midss Gordon paid me a long visit today.  She wishes tyo go back home & wanted me to asist her in getting a passport.  She says she is spending all of her money & soon will have nothing.

	I must now close & go to the House & see Hext & Fannie about getting everything ready & send after the papers.

	I do not know what time Iwill go to Charleston.  The city is still threatened.  I feel like not stirring from home again for a long time.  I loose so much by being.

	If you see any of Zach Wards people engage five hundred pounds of bacon & lard.  Send Hext to Dr. [W.A.] Mooneys when they can & plow for the cherry trees or let Alfred walk down some Sunday.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Glencoe