Letter 587
26 April 1860
Charleston

My dear Liz

	The Convention has just adjourned till four oclock & I will write you a line or two.  I have had so little time that I have not been able to write you.

	Yesterday I dined with Mr. Reynolds & had a large company of northern members & we spent a very pleasant time.  I have formed a great many acquaintances & am much pleased with them.  We are all getting on harmoniously.  I met Col. Ingersoll again this morning& delivered your message.  He seems very kind & amiable.

	The Convention is the most disorderly body I ever saw & there is such a scramble that I have not endeavored to get the floor.  Yesterday I made a few remarks, but they are briefly reported.  I went yesterday to see your aunt Eliza & spent a few moments with her.  She seemed kind & good.  I then went at her request to your aunt Tu, but she was not at home.  On my way I met Dr. Hayne who stopped and made himself known to me.  He invited me to see him & his mother.  He looked shab[b]iley & thin.  had not improved him in appearance.  I see your uncle Arthur every day in the convention.

	The committee on platform will report at four oclock & we shall then have discussion.  Yancey
Told me that I would then have myforth.  He looks very well & says his family are all well.  He is a grandfather.

	Dr. Porcher & wife are as kind as they can be & I am really under great obligations to them.  Mrs. Porcher knows Mrs. LeConte very well as she was raised in Savannah.  She says Mrs. LeContes mother was old Major Porchers housekeeper & the daughters were educated by himbut no kin to him.

	I took a walk on the Battery yesterday & it is a delightful place.  In the evening I met there a great many of my acquaintances.

	I have a great deal to tell you when I see you.  In my letter to Willie I said I would be at home Friday night but I fear this will be impossible.  I will try to be at home Saturday perhaps not till Monday.  It isa all uncertain about the Convention adjourning.

	I will not close & write to Frank.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville