Letter 142
3 December 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am greatly vexed that you had not received my letters when you wrote me on Friday.  I have written you three times & sent you a long letter to read which I wrote for the Mountaineer.  Willie has also written you a letter & would have made it longer by was interrupted by a visit from his cousins.

	I was glad to receive your letter Sunday evening.  I hope you have recd all my letters before this reaches you.  Yesterday I went to church with Willie although it rained.  Today I have been in the college all day attending the commencementWillie with me.  The chapel was full of Ladies & the young men spoke well.  I had some conversation with Col. Preston.  His health is better though he is very feeble.

	I wrote your Aunt Mrs. Eliza Hayne yesterday in reply to the letter sent me inviting Willie to visit them.

	I have been appointed on the committee to examine some students day after tomorrow.  The committee consists of Memminger. DeTreville, DeSaussure, Bonham & myself.  In the Board of Trustees I was appointed one of the visitors to attend the college next Fall & witness the examination of the students receiving the pay of a member of the Legislature.  Tonight there was a caucus to send delegates to attend a convention of the Southern States at Nashville next June.  I was to have been one of the delegates, but the appointment was postponed till next week.  In walking to the college today with General he suggested to me the propriety of my being the anti Bank candidate for Governor, which I declined.

	I have mentioned those little matters to you knowing the interest you take in everything which looks like a compliment to your husband.

	Willie is as great a book worm as myself.  He is now sitting at the table reading & it is near ten oclock in the night.  Mr. Keith has just informed me that he will leave here Wednesday morning for Greenville & I will keep this letter open till tomorrow evening & send it by him.

	I have nothing more to add since writing the above.  Willie says he will write to you in the morning.  He is the greatest book worm I ever saw of his age.

	I was looking at some shawls this morning, but was not altogether pleased with them.  They were $7.00 & $12.00.  I will take a good look before I purchase.  Shawls are said to be now fashionable.

	We shall adjourn about the 18th next.  No great question has yet come up for discussion.  Col. Williams told me this morning that the members of his boarding house had held a caucus last night and agreed on me for a candidate for Governor.  Really this thing is more spoken of than I had any idea.

	It is my purpose to carry Willie around to Taylors this evening, but I have no time to do anything.  Tonight I have to attend the Board of Trusteesattend the committee on the Penitentiary and I wish to hear Governor Hammonds speech in College.

	Today the gallery was crowded with ladies.  Col. Pickens & his wife & daughters were there & I found it difficult to distinguish the wife amidst the daughters.  They all seemed about the same age.

	It is now near five oclock & I have yet to eat dinner so I must conclude.  Your affectionate Husband &c, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville