Letter 140
30 November 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I was detained so long at the meeting of the Board of Trustees the other night that it was out of my power to write you by the last mail.

	I recd your letter by Mr. Elford & also the package which I have handed over to the shoe maker.

	Dr. Erwin told me yesterday that he left your letter in his old coat at home.  I was very much provoked at it & told him I has a great notion to whip him for his negligence, not having recd a letter from you by the last mail.  I was anxious to hear from you.  It is always best to send letters by mail.

	Willie commenced writing you a letter the other day & will finish it to go by this mail.  The whole letter is his own production and was written whilst I was out of the room.  I only told him to write you all that he had seen & heard.

	I have bought him a very pretty suit of clothes, black cloth frock coat.  He looks like a little man with his cravat on.

I saw Col. Isaac Hayne the other day& he seemed more cordial & said he would send Isaac to see Willie, but has not yet done so.  General Martin said Taylors son must come & take charge of him, but he has not.  Dr. Erwin brought his little son with him & he & Willie were together yesterday.

	I have bought Willie three very pretty books & he is now reading one of them & laughing heartily at the stories.  He behaves like a little manwent to the show last night by himself whilst I went to meet a committee.  He sits in the gallery till two oclock, then goes to the tavern & eats his dinner amongst the crowd.  The members do not dine till 3 oclock.

	I have written a long letter for the Mountaineer, which I will enclose to you [not present] to read Sunday night & send up to Wells, soon, Monday morning.

	I have not yet made any purchase of a shawl, as I wish to see how the ladies are dressed on Monday at the College commencement, whether they wear shawls or mantillas or something else.

	I have exchanged my gold pencil for a gold pen & pencil, the prettiest thing you ever did see & gave eight dollars to boot.  I have forty dollars left.  I think of purchasing an overcoat which is now worn entirely instead of cloaks.

	Tell Anna, Frank & Fanny that I will bring them something nice or prettycertainly the cocoa cakes for Fanny. I want to see you all very much.

	I recd a letter from Mr. Stuart the other day.  Who the Trustees will select I am unable to say.  He thanks me for my politeness to him in Greenville & regrets that his wifes health will not permit his coming to Greenville.

	I am glad to hear Charles & Reuben are ploughing.  Hope the servants will all do well.  Kiss the children.  Yours affectionately. B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville