Letter 139
26 November 1849
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines this evening although I have but letter to communicate.  Willie is seated by me reading the Evenings of old story tellers.

	We had a very dusty drive down here.  At Laurens we fell in company with Col Irby, Col Ware, & Major Smith.  On the road we fared sumptuously.

	I have met a great many of my acquaintances here from different parts of the state, who have all given me a most hearty welcome back to the Legislature.  Mr. Mitchell said he was glad to see me as Col. Memminger had had the House under his control long enough.  He wanted me to divide his influence.  Col. Fair told me that Col. John Preston asked him about my running for Governor. He replied that the upper country intended to run me for U. States Senator if there were two or three candidates from the lower country.

	General Whitner has gone to Florida & requested me to ask leave of observer for him, which I did today.

	I saw Col. Martin who enquired after you & said he had a box for some of you.  I told him I could send it up by Col. Townes wagon the latter part of this week.  I met Col. Isaac Hayne this morning in the Court House.  He seemed very careless about speaking & did not even enquire about any of you.  I showed equal indifference in regard to him & thought to myself how different his manner was last fall when he was electioneering.  I believe it is true, that we mutually dislike each other.

	I have bought myself a frock coat $20.00, pantaloons $9.00, do $7.00, hat $4.00. boots $8.00, gloves $1.25, cravat 2.50, cap for Willie $1.50, two books for Willie $1.50.

	I have not had time to look for a shawl yet.

	Col. Tandy Walker is here & a candidate for comptroller general but I should suppose with very little hope of success.

	There is a crowd of candidates for door keeper & no election yet made.

	I saw today a beautifulof pictures to be sold tonight.

	Col. Irby insisted that I should take ten shares $200 in the Laurens Rail Road that he wouldname & would get me fees to pay the installments. I told him I would promise to take in stock all the fees he would get for me at Laurens whilst the road was building.

	Willie is greatly admired by all who see him.  He takes care of himselfwent up in the gallery today & sat there all the time the House was in session.  He must write you by the next mail.

	You had better have the top of the house cleaned off.  If the weather is bad & Reuben cannot plough let him & Charles split rails for the cross fence which is not high enough.

        Tell the children I want to see them all very much & will bring them all some candy.  Willie is a great comfort to me & company for me.

       I am my dear wife yours truly & sincerely, B.F. Perry

P.S. I was shown a letter today from Mr. Stuart resigning his appointment in the Greenville Female Academy on account of his wifes health.  This is most unfortunate.  Smith is here & will take the position.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville