Letter 732
2 September 1866
Greenville

My dear Sir [Benson J. Lossing Esq.]

	Whilst in Philadelphia attending the National Union Convention I subscribed for your Civil War in America & received the first volume which I am reading.  You state that all the South Carolina delegation left the Charleston Democratic Convention in 1860.  This is a mistake.  Colonel Boozer & myself remained in the Convention & after the other delegates retired cast the vote of the State for Hunter of Virginia.  During all the ballotings and severe hisses in the galleries every time we rose.

	In the morning before the Convention met there was a meeting of the South Carolina delegation to determine to go out with the Alabama delegates.  A Resolution was offered to that effect, where I stated that I would not leave the convention or feel myself bound by the Resolution.  It was then withdrawn.

	Let me now say to you that I was always in public & private life, a steadfast Union man, and opposed nullification in our State Convention in 1832 & opposed Secession in our State Convention in 1852 & was equally open in my opposition to disunion in 1860.  I take some credit to myself for having defeated Secession in South Carolina in 1852 & when there was no Union Paper in the State I sent to New York & purchased a Press in 1850, & edited it as The Southern Patriot for several years.  In 1860 the disunion feeling swept over the State & crushed everyone who opposed it.  I said to Governor Means, who wished to know what course I was going to pursue, that for thirty yearsI had tried to save the union & that now the State was going to the Devil & I was going with her.  I wept like a child at her madness & folly & predicted that secession would prove the death knell of slavery!

	My union sentiments excluded me from office & position in South Carolina till the Rebellion was over.  Then I was appointed Provisional governor of the State, & afterwards, almost unanimously elected U. States Senator from South Carolina by those who had previously opposed me all my life.

	Enclosed I send you a likeness of myself, which was taken the other day at the request of Senator Cowan of Pennsylvania for the purpose of having theCommittee of Thirteen on the address & Resolutions, Photographed in one picture.

	I am with great respect & consideration yours truly &c., B.F. Perry