Letter 661
11 July 1863
Hagerstown, Md.

Dear Pa

	For the first time in nearly a month I have an opportunity of writing you.  For the past four weeks we have been on a constant go.  We crossed the Potomac just two weeks ago tonight and have had a busy time of it ever since, and there is a prospect of its lasting some time yet.  But I am quite well and so is Wiley.  One of my horses is a little lame but not much.

	You have no doubt heard of the battle of Gettysburg which I think was about a drawn one.  We all thought we were going back into Virginia a few days ago, but now I expect we will remain and there will in all probability be another great battle in a day or two, so says Gen. Lee in a General Order published this morning to the Army.  Our loss in the Gettysburg battle was heavy, but the men are in good spirits and ready to meet the enemy again.  Our Regiment has had over a dozen fights and skirmishes in the last four weeks, and for the past 34 days not a day has passed without some portions of the Cavalry having a fight.  In the Gettysburg fight we were on the left and had a big Cavalry fight.  Gen. Hampton was pretty severely wounded, two sabre cuts on the head and a shot in the leg.  Our Regiment did good service in the fight.  Tom Butler was killed and several wounded.  But ours has been a lucky Reg[iment] so far.  We have been shelled over and over and suffered very little.  Gen. Hampton I suppose has gone home by this time.  Col. Baker of the 1st N.C. is now in Command of the brigade, and is a very good officer.

	I am writing in a very great hurry and dont know when I will have an opportunity of sending off this letter.  If I had time I would give you a detailed account of our experience for the past month, how we went within 10 miles of Washington and captured over two hundred sixtrains with the wagons and about a thousand yanks and negroes together.  But time is short, and we are moving nearly all the time.  We fared first rate in Pennsylvania.  The citizens gave us plenty of Bread and milk, and we took all the horses we could lay hands on.  Our Cavalry so far as I saw behaved very well, but the Infantry they say plundered a great deal.  I must close.  Stokes and all our Company are quite well.  Give my love to all.  Your Aff[ectionate] Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville