Letter 208
12 December 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d this morning your letter written on Friday & am sorry you did not hear from me that day.  I wrote you by John Jones and he ought to have arrived there Friday morning.

	The Legislature sits every night till eleven or twelve oclock & I do not get your letters till the next morning.  The Greenville mail is not opened till about nine oclock & that is after Janney sends to the Post office.

	I have written you so often lately that I have nothing to write this morning except that there is  proposition to adjourn on Friday next instead of Wednesday  which I expect will be concurred in by the Senate.  The House have found it absolutely necessary to protract the session two days in order to get through with the business of the country.

	A large box came to Maybins Hotel for me yesterday by the rail road from Charleston.  I suppose it is from your aunt Eliza.  But how I shall get it up is doubtful.

	You directed me to buy some dye for my whiskers.  This I have done, & this morning I applied it.  The whiskers are as black as a crow.  The application will remain for one month, & then the whiskers must be dyed again.

	This is Sunday morning & I believe I shall not go to church but remain at home & write for the Patriot.  I hope you have received the two letters I sent you by Beatty.

	I recd a letter yesterday from General Thompson.  He said nothing about his family or wife.  I supposed she would have presented him with an infant before this time.

	My old friend F has invited the Greenville delegation to dine with him today.  But I dislike to go out at all.

	I begin to feel homesick & am willing to adjourn at any time.  A little absence from you and the children is pleasant, because it affords so much pleasure in returning.  But after two weeks the time drags heavily.

	I will either come up with Duncan or in the stage.  You need not therefore think of sending the carriage & horses for me.  It is probable we shall not adjourn before Friday.   So you may expect to see me next Sunday perhaps in the morning in the stage.

	Give my love to all of the children & tell them how anxious I am to see them.  Dont Hext begin to talk yet.  I am afraid he will forget me.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville