Letter 551
8 December 1859
Columbia

My dear Liz

	It is now dark & I have just got up from dinner.

	I rece[ive]d your letter & was reading it till my regular seat at the dinner table was taken.  Mrs. LeConte said, as she got up from the table, that I ought to come to the table always in time to secure my seat as it destroyed the pleasure of dinner not to have me to talk to.  She had with her at the table today two young ladies.

	Whilst Col. Menninger was speaking today on the Blue Ridge Rail Road, Judge frost came & took me into the Library to give me some instructions, & there I met Miss [Dorothea] Dix.  I spoke to her & told her who I was.  She said she ought to have recognized me.  She was talking to Col. Hampton about the Lunatic Asylum.  She has grown fat & stout, & has [a] new set of teeth.  She seems a great favorite with the members.  I had very little conversation with her as I had to return into the Representation Hall.  She enquired about you.

	Yesterday I did not have time to write you as I had to meet Judge Frost & Trenholm on the Blue Ridge Rail Road.

	The Chancellors have ordered the case of Stokes & Sullivan to be reargued in May.  This is a good sign for my clients.

	Stokes went down to the Rail Riad depot today to see the Methodist preachers.  He said there were five cars full.  I saw major Warren of Camden who told me Greenville hadhospitality & he was delighted with our village.

	You will see in the Carolinian some fellow hashis hats Perry Hats.  The fire eaters are beginning to find out the depth of my Resolutions & do not like them so much as they did at first.  My object in offering them was to prevent action on the part of the state, for I believe that the northern people will yet come right & we shall have no disunion.  But the State ought to express herself strongly in regard to her course.

	I shall perhaps tomorrow, speak on the Rail Road.

	A man came to me today & gave me five dollars for counsel & advice.  I wasnt spared in purchasing books for you.  I asked forbut Bout did not have it.  I see it advertised in Charleston & will have it ordered.

	I met today Col.  of Charlotte who enquired after you very kindly.  The ladies are all gone from this Hotel.

	I hope you will not have rest after the Preachers have left you.

	The weather is very cold & I wore my overcoat to the House.  You cannot imagine how much attention it attracted.  They all said I looked like a Russian Emperor & everybody wants one like it.  Dozens of members enquired where they could get one.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville