Letter 336
25 November 1855
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just had my supper, written a letter to the Patriot & a long visit from Mr. F, who desires to be remembered to you kindly & affectionately.

	I have had a long visit too from Dr, Gibbes Editor of the Carolinian & Mr. Miller Editor of the Yorkville Paper.  They all have electioneering schemes.  Dr. Lieber paid me a visit yesterday evening after my arrival.  The election of President of the College comes off this week.  Dr. Laborde met me yesterday & thanked me for my notice of his Book, and invited me to a Literary club which meets at his House Tuesday evening.  He reads an Essay on Woman & then the subject is discussed by all the members & visitors.  Ladies are to be present but not to enter into the discussion till supper.  The society meets every fortnight.

	I have not seen the Governor, nor many members of the Legislature.  There was a great dinner here today in the new dining room & all the Town invited.  We have quite a number of ladies boarding here and amongst them Mrs. DL Fair.  Col. deTreville tried to get a room here for his daughters next week & could not.  I do not know what the young ladies will do at Commencement.  The House is very much enlarged & improved.  Janney has purchased the American after January.

	I did not go to church today.  The weather is bad & the rain is falling.  Col. Brockman & Duncan have gone to a private boarding House.  I met on the cars Mrs. Teter & husband.  She looked rather scared.  Mrs. Mauldin of Anderson was with her.  I saw Mrs. Daniels going north, who enquired after you very kindly & said she remembered Willie as a bright eyed light haired boy.

	I shall expect Willie & Anna Saturday. The servants have put two beds in my room, so that I might have a bed for my little sons to sleep in, (says Sam).  Anna knows the room.

	I shall expect to hear from you tomorrow night or evening.

	I do not think I shall have time to write you tomorrow.  Tell Fannie, Frank & Hext I will bring them a present and kiss dear little Hayne.  Your affectionate Husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville