Letter 416
8 October 1857
Greenville

My dear Daughter

	I received your letter of Oct. 1st the other day, in which you complain of my not writing you, & say you began to think I had forgotten about leaving you at St. Marys Hall.  Now, my dear daughter I have written you twice & only received one letter from you.  I might have supposed that you had forgotten that you had a father as well as a mother at home.  All your correspondence has been with her.  I knew that she wrote you almost every day, & told you everything that occurred in & out of the Village.  I had therefore nothing to write you.

	 I am glad to hear you are better pleased with your school than you were at first.  I hope you will study hard & make good progress in your studies.  I wish you to learn Latin if you have time.  I am willing for you to come home in April if convenient, but you must commit to return & graduate.

	I recd a letter from Frank last night stating that he was now an acting midshipman, had passed the Academic Board, with flying colors, missed not a question, had been kindly rece[ive]d by the Secretary of the Navy, & pronounced by a Board of Physicians in Washington without defect or disease.  He writes me in high spirits & says I must tell everybody he is admitted.  He likes the school but not the life of a naval officer.  He has made a great many warm friends in Annapolis.  Mr. Miller went with him to Washington.  There he met Mr. May a former member pf Congress from Baltimore whom I knew very well as a distinguished lawyer in the Gardner case.  He took interest in Frank on my account & went with them to the Secretary of the Navy.  Frank will not be able to return home for two years now.  What do you think of that?

	The Perrys are not going to school.  Emma is thinking of getting married to a Mr. C a student.  Susan & Anna say they will go to the Lexington Springs in February.  Anna is now at school in Pickens at.

	The Poney is fat & hearty.  Fannie rides him occasionally.  Arthur is getting well I hope.  Hayne is quite fat & as hardy as a little pig.  Hext goes to school & does well.    Fannie is making fine progress with her music.  Your mother spends a great portion of her time in writing to you & Willie & Frank.  She is one of the best correspondents I ever saw.

	The servants are all well & Wiley has got married to a woman of Mrs. Nances in Newberry.  He says he is willing to see her once a year only rather than not marry her!  They will have very little time to quarrel during their married life.

	I am interrupted by my clients & must close my letter.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

Miss Anna Perry
Burlington, N.J.