Letter 436
26 November 1857
Columbia

My dear Liz

	It is now almost eight oclock in the night& I have to meet a caucus in Col. Memmingers room on the bank question in a few minutes.  I have just quit the Governors dinner table where I spent a very pleasant evening with a party of gentlemen.  Col. Frank Pickens, Col. Isaac Hayne & Captain Cunningham were present with others.  I saw Captain Cunningham this morning.  He says Mrs. Cunningham & Pamela are in Charleston & very well.  Pamela is preparing to go on to Richmond about the Mount Vernon Association.  He says she would be perfectly well but for her excitement.  I said that was what kept her up.  The Captain has become quite garrulous & I thought simple in his conversation.  He is a bore.  He said he was a great Rhett manthat I and Rhett were the only consistent politicians in the state.  He had often said so.

	Hamlin Beattie has just been to my room & offered to carry a letter or anything else.  Consequently I write this letter.  Col. Hayne sat next to me at the table & was very cordial.  General Martin is living here with his family, but Hayne said he had not found out where he was.  I will enquire of Martin about having [a] bundle tomorrow & send it by Wells.

	I made a speech today in the House on the College.  But the question came up most unexpectedly & the debate will be resumed when my Bill comes up.  Col. Memminger spoke in reply & Col. Boylston & General McGowan also.

	I send your letter this evening & have just read it.  The story you mention about Gibson is very singular.

	Mrs. Chesnut & Judge Withers daughter are now at this Hotel, but I have not seen them.  After leaving the Governors dinner table I went to the supper room, but they had all gone but Mrs. LeConte.

	We had several elections today.  You can cut out the Editorials & send Anna as she desires to see them, or such of those as you think will interest her.  I will write to her in the morning.

	I must now bid you good night.  Kiss the children.  Tell Fannie I will write to her soon.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. In regard to my legal opinion nothing could be done with Perry as he did not break into the House.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville