Letter 348
11 December 1855
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just recd your letter & am truly sorry to hear that Mr. Bs John is so low.  I am afraid Mary will catch the fever & bring it into our yard.  This I would not have done for thousands of dollars.  Keep her away from him as much as possible, and if he dies do not let her stay all night with the Corpse.  It could be fatal.  Make all the servants clear out their rooms & whitethem.

	I recd a letter from Anna this morning & she writes that she has just written you.  She was very much pleased with Columbia & says that P Hoke made her stay here more pleasant.  Willie went to the race course today & is now gone somewhere.  It is eight oclock.  He will probably return Thursday.  The next letter I will send by Willie.
	I recd a letter from Mr. Elford saying he had recd Eighty five dollars for me from Edings on his Edings note.  Edings is one of my Pickens clients.  He wishes me to write him what to do with the money.  If you wish any of it send for it; otherwise he can pay it over to Mr. McBee.  I will write him to that effect.  I will write him to pay it over to you.  He writes me that he has purchased out the Mountaineer  & will consolidate the papers in the next two numbers.  I am glad the old Mountaineer is done & I suppose you are.  But I suppose you will not like the name being retained.  I am glad of it, as we will have it as a trophy in our banner.

	Willie tells me that he met Willie Taylor in the Senate chamber yesterday, but he said nothing to him about going to see him!

	We have agreed to adjourn next Wednesday at ten oclock.  I will probably be able to get home that day.  I am very anxious to see you all again.  Although I have had Willie & Anna with me it is not like having you & Hayne & Hext.  But above all you.  For the last eighteen years I have been so much with you at home I feel at a loss when away from you.  There are few men who have spent so much of their time with their wives as I have or who have loved them more.

	The Judiciary Bill was defeated again this evening by two votes.  I was all day engaged arranging & defending it.  But it was lost by not following my advice & reducing the court to three Judges.

	Governor [James H.] Adams is in a peck of trouble about the censure which the committee have passed on him for returning theLegislation, resolutions.  He threatened to resign.  So you see that all have their troubles, the Governor as well as your husband.

	Col. [Thomas] Dawkins is here with his wife.  I do not fancy her much.  The Col. drank so hard that he was crazy this last Fall, so Col. Herndon told me.

	I like softness & sweetness in women, not bold fussy women, blue stockings & conceited ladies.  The other day I had occasion to speak of Judge Hayne whilst the gallery was filled with ladies.  I said he was positive to a reflection on his honor as a lady was to an imputation on her modesty.

	But I must now quit & write to Mr. Elford.  I had nothing to write about & yet I have written a long letter,

	Good night my dear wife, your affectionate & loving husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. I now have nothing to do at night until my committee business is over.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville