Letter 549
5 December 1859
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just recei[ve]d your letter & write you immediately to relieve you of all unpleasant feeling  as to my consistency.  My resolutions were offered in strong language to rebuke the fanatical spirit of the north & express what would be the consequence of its going on.  I further wish for South Carolina to do nothing & let the other Southern States act & I am sure their course with be wise.  There is a dispensation here to act.  My object is to keep the State from acting & leading off.  I say again I have no apprehensions of disunion. But we are getting into a terrible excitement & I am afraid South Carolina will again act foolishly.

	Judge Longstreet made a most bitter & fiery speech today at the college to the graduates on disunion & slavery.  It was out of place & will not add much to the Judges reputation as a literary President.

	Mrs. LeConte told me at dinner that she heard a lady in the college pay me a very high compliment.  The Lady said I was the finest looking & most dignified of all the Board of Trustees & looked like Washington.   Mrs. LeConte sends her love to you.

	I was glad to receive Col. Ashmores letter.  I will send Frank the money when he writes me.

	I will send you Bryants Bill.  But I expect it is all right.

	The weather is bad, & Mr. Stokes did not return today.

	I am glad you are getting on so well with the Methodist Preachers.  But you must have too many of them.  They will all be gone tomorrow or next day & I suppose you will feel relieved.

	I write you in a great hurry.  The Commencement was not a very fine onenot as many ladies as usual.  The Fair has broken up the commencement.  The ladies all come down then & dont care to come again.

	In regard to Fannies going I dont approve of it.  But will be at home or write you again before the 20th.  You dont know that Mr. Wallace wishes her company & he is unknown to me.

	It is now growing dark & I must conclude.  Dr. Crook wrote a long letter about an abolitionist  taken up in Greenville named Willis.  The excitement has reached Greenville & will run over the State like wildfire.  Much foolery will be committed I have no doubt.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville