Letter 619
20 August 1861
Near Manassas

Dear Mamma

	Since I wrote you my last letter we have moved our camping ground  as I told you we expected to do.  We are now about eight miles or more from Manassas Junction and about 12 or 15 from our last Camp.  We are about 3 miles from a Creek called Ocquoquan or something like that.  I dont know how far it is from the Potomac.  I believe it is only some 15 miles from here to Mount Vernon.  I dont know much about the locality, but it is pretty certain we are a good deal nearer the enemy than we have been. We send out 4 men to stand as Picket guard about 3 or 4 miles from Camp.  Some say that the enemys pickets are just on the other side but I dont think they are that close.

	I expect we will stay here some time.  Col. Hampton says we may move from here at any time or we may be here six months. And he also says he thinks we will until we have a fight which will probably be some time I think.  There are so many reports out that it is hard for us in camp, who never see the papers, to tell what is going on or where the enemy are.  They have been at Mount Vernon lately, and committed some depredations.  They have been in possession of this section of the country.  We are camped near Bacon Run Church from which point our troops have been driven several times by the enemy, before the Battle.  We started from our last Camp Monday during a rain, and it has been raining  ever since we got here and is cloudy yet.  I suppose it will clear off some time sooner or later.  We have a tolerably pleasant location, as far as we can judge considering the weather.  The water is pretty good, but not too abundant.  It is a very poor country for horse food.  Corn has to be hauled 15 miles.  We still get our mail from Manassas junction so you can either direct there as you have been doing to Richmond.

	Wiley washes very well and cooks very well, and does very well though he has been sick several times.  I dont need any new shirts now.  I enjoy myself tolerably well only.  Camp life is so monotonous that there cant be much enjoyment in it.

	I have never seen Beauregard. I passed him once but did not know it was him until afterwards, so did not see him.  I have not spoken to Col. Hampton.  Capt. Lanman does only tolerably well.  I wish he would get some higher office, so we could get rid of him.

	Our sick men were left at Brentsville.  They are getting on very well.  Both the Fergusons are there.  We have not heard from them since [we] got here.  Tom Adams was the sickest one we left of my acquaintance.  I think he will get over it.  He is in a private House in Brentsville.  The Fergusons and Waverly Stairly are at the same House.  Several of the Company were detailed to stay and wait on them.  Old Mr. Stairly, Bramlett, Bates were the ones.

	I hope you will have sent on that India Rubber blanket, and the boots by Mr. Burgess.  The oil-cloth coat that Mr. Gaillard bought for me is not a very good one.  It is not as water-proof as it ought to be.  A Tailor from Richmond the other day took the measures of the whole Legion for a new uniform to be made for us by the ladies of South Carolina.  I suppose it is to be made by the Society, or whatever it is.  Miss Hampton was writing to you about our new uniforms [that] will be made in a few days.  We will have more uniforms than we will be able to carry.  These latter as I wrote you before are to be made by the Ladies of Petersburg, so Miss Nellie Orr can have a chance at them.

	Ed Stokes is about well and desires to be remembered to you.  Bill Thompson is still at the house he has been at.  I saw a letter from Bill Beattie yesterday.  He is getting on very well, and will be back at Camp in about ten days he says.  Bolling staidsick at Brentsville, but not much sick.  He is probably taking measles.

	I have not much more to write you, so I will close.  Give my love to all.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville