Letter 157
9 May 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am truly sorry I was disappointed in writing to you by the last mail.
	The Judges & lawyers were all invited to ride on the Greenville Rail Road, & supposed we should return in time to get your letter & answer it.  But we scarcely got back in time to go to the meeting of the Board of Trustees.  And the Board of Trustees sat until twelve oclock last night regulating the affairs of the college.

	I am now writing you before breakfast in order to send my letter by Mr. Elford who says he will reach home Saturday night.  I will write you again by the mail if I have time.

	My cases are all disposed of in the Court of Appeals except Dr. Anderson & the Gilreaths.  We have been three days trying Gilreaths case.  Yesterday we heard of the death of Judge Richardson & the court adjourned whilst I was speaking.  This morning we have to conclude the argument & consequently have very little time to write you.

	The Bar also have a meeting this morning on the subject of Judge Richardsons death & I may have to say a few words in praise of the deceased.

	I have not had time yet to purchase my clothes & shall not purchase many.  I see no fine clothing to suit me.  I have heard nothing of the Bonnet yet.  I saw yesterday a consignment at the Rail Road to B. Perry.  But the agent said it was for Perry & Matthews merchants of Edgefield.  I am assured it was the bonnet.  The package had been sent off before I went to the depot.

	I recd your long letter last night after my return from the college & read it after twelve oclock.  I was glad to hear you were all well & getting on well.  I am truly sorry to hear of the awful accident on Mr. Arthurs Rail Road contract.  Mr. Croft is very cunning & penurious & would resort to any scheme to cheat anyone & I hope Maj. Blake [will] not accept his proposal.

	I saw Dr. Thomas here yesterday.  He has not heard of Mrs. Thomas[] fall & injury,  He said he would average one dollar per day notwithstanding the rains on the rail riad.

	I had a long political talk with Mr. Robert Barnwell yesterday on the rail road.  He is a most agreeable & pleasant gentleman.  The ride was a pleasant one.  We [were] caught in a very hard rain, rode sixteen miles, the road is finished twenty miles.

	I have not had time to look at carriages yet.  After today I shall be at leisure till Saturday, when Dr. Andersons case is taken up before Chancellor Dargan.  Chancellor Dargan & Dunkin enquired after you.  So did Judge Withers & Frost.  In my agreement I have been paying Judge Withers for hissarcasm in Gilreaths case.

	When I shall return is doubtful.  I shall not go to Charleston.  Tell Frank I am glad to hear he is still head.   Give my love to the children & believe me yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville