Letter 229
28 February 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I have just rece[ive]d your letter s-dated Wednesday, in which you say you have not yet heard from me in Washington.  I am greatly surprised at this for I was certain you would hear from me the morning you wrote.  I wrote the very night I arrived here which was the Thursday before you wrote the last letter recd from you.

	I am glad to hear that Judge ONealls opinion of Wares case was so favorable.  Tom Butler gave me all the particulars this evening.  He came to our room to see us.

	General Thompson has heard nothing from home for several days.  He complains that your letters come one or two days sooner than his wifes.  He is very much taken as I have already written you with the spiritual rappers.  He visits them daily & calls up the spirits of various persons.    He was telling me this evening a wonderful story about the spirits too long to relate.

	I will tell you a good story in relation to Col. Summer & myself.  General Thompson & myself were sitting together at the table the other day & Miss Doty daughter of Governor Doty of Wisconsin was sitting opposite.  He said to me Summer is in love with that young lady.  Then he enquired of her if she heard.  She said no.  He got up & told her that his friend Col. Summer of South Carolina was in love with her.  She flashed her eyes across the table at me, thinking that I was the Colonel.  For one or two days she remained under this impression & Summer says she was crying me the whole time.  He said when we [were] sitting together he could catch her eyes, but when he was at the table alone she looked another way.

	I have been interrupted as usual in my letter.  I thought I was safe for this night.  But in comes Thompson & Summer after Burt had gone to bed & I had to quit writing.  It is now after eleven oclock & I must quit & go to bed.  I had commenced for the purpose of telling you all the chit chat & anecdotes.

	I will write you again tomorrow.  I have already written two letters today.  I suppose you & the children are all well & asleep.  It is the greatest comfort when from home to hear FROM HOME.

	I have just bought Livingstons Book very handsomely bound for eight dollars.  It is for sale in the book stores & it is something to see my own likeness & life in a book which will be read by thousands of people.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville