Letter 39
3 July 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Although I have just started on my tour. Only one night from home, and yet I am disposed to avail myself of an opportunity of writing to you.  In fact you and the children have scarcely been out of my mind for ten minutes since I left home.  I regret that I have not all of you with me.  The conduct of Will the night I started in running down the stair case to kiss & hug me once more before I departed deeply affected me.  He has an affectionate heart & his faithfulness no doubt proceeds from disagreement of his stomach lately.  He will one day make a man of some figure in the world I hope.    Anna is so kind & affectionate, so much like my old mother & being a daughter is my favourite.  Little Frank is a noble fellow, & how I wish I had him sitting on my knees this evening by your bedside.  But I have left you all in the care of your mother & I am sure, feel certain that you will be well taken care of.  It is said that a mothers love is the strongest feeling of human nature & I know your mother possesses it in its greatest strength.  But I think a husbands love for his wife, & the mother of his children as strong [as] any human feeling need be.

	I had a pleasant trip down here.  The stage all alone to myself& my journey had been preceeded with most refreshing & delightful showers, whichthe dust & cooled the atmosphere.  In the lower part of Laurens I heard of much sickness & some deaths from fever, whereupon I took out Dr. Crooks vial of pills & swallowed them without water or anything else to facilitate their downward course.    I never felt better than I do.  I weighed at Col. McNeeleys 192 pounds.  He said he wanted to see how much I would gain in my travelssays I will weigh at least 200 when I return.

	I hope you have had rains since I left home.  Tell Jim he must continue to harrow the corn until it is all silking.  Crops look fine on the road and a great deal of the corn made & out of danger from drought &c.

	At Newberry I sent for Col. Fair.  He was at Edgefield court.  But he heard that he & Patrick Caldwell & Mr. Nance were all going on to the north next Tuesday.  I am approved the mens is too good to be true.  How I would like to have Col. Fair as a travelling companion.  He is a noble hearted fellow & I love him much.

	You must return my thanks to Mrs. Poinsett, Mrs. Butler & your mother for the letters they gave me, although I may not be able to deliver one fourth of them.  My journey is more to look at the country than to become acquainted with people.

	Should you see any of Tom Butlers family you may tell them to think there is but little doubt of his election as Major.  I have heard from all the campaigns but Chester & he is thirty votes ahead of Major Gladden the next highest candidate.

	I have seen no one scarcely since I reached Columbia.  ate dinner washed dressed & sat down to write you this letternothing to write about eitherso I canpromising our children and speaking for husbands love old themes, but nevertheless interesting ones.  You, however, have had too many proofs of my love in actions in conduct to have it strengthened by words.  Your sweetness & womanly softness, have too often made my stern[n]ess & inflexibility if purpose yield to your own wishes, to doubt your influence over me.  I was not born to obey & yet you have always made me yield to your feelings & wishes.

	But enoughremember [me] to your mother, Susan & Anne.  Susan I suppose begins to feel a young mothers love.  I hope she may be as happy in life as her disinterested affection through life merits.  And I pray that Anne too may be restored to health & happiness.  Her father has, indeed, been a sad one.

	Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville