Letter 64
8 December 1846
Columbia

My dear Liz

	It wasconsolation, after being beaten so badly as I was today, to receive your scolding letter.  You have but little philosophy in your composition & ought to thank your stars that you were not born of a different [page torn].  Your letter was so unlike the soothing of a gentle & affectionate wife, that I burnt it immediately for it might hereafter be seen.  So there is an end of it.  Forget that you wrote it, & I will forget the contents.

	Noe for the election.  I would not go to the State house at all this morning.  I never mentioned to anyone that some of my friends were going to vote for others, but all expressed themselves friendly towards myself.  Caldwell recd 36, Wardlaw 30,  DeSaussure 29, Patterson 25,  Haynesworth 19, myself 12, 6, Young 2 &c.  There is no election made.  I presume Caldwell will be elected.

	I care nothing about it.  In fact I had rather stay at the Bar.  But General Thompson & others persuaded me that it would be no injury to me as a candidate.  But I was not a candidate.  My friends only voted for me a few of them.

	I will expect you Saturday evening.  I hope there is no danger of scarlet fever.  No cars arrive now before night, & leave Charleston at 9 oclock in the morning.  I shall be most happy to meet you & the children my dear wife.  After all the only real pleasure in life, is in ones own family.
	I saw Mr. Legare this evening, who spoke of you.  Mr. Bull introduced him to me.  I saw Dr. Hayne also this evening.  General Thompson & Mrs. Walker will leave before you arrive.  I will endeavour to get a room at this hotel for you.

	My bust is said to be a fine likeness.  The man who cut my likeness on paper several years since is here now.  He is cutting the whole Legislature.  You & all the children may have your likeness cut.

	There was a great to do here today.  The volunteers arrived here from Chester & paraded through the district.  They will be in Charleston tomorrow.

	I am now engaged in court constantly.  I am glad to hear you are pleased with Charleston & your friends there.

	You must write me again before you come uplet me hear from you Friday night.

	I must now conclude.  Kiss the children for me.  I am very anxious to see the little creatures.  I hope Anna & all of them have improved by their visit to the city.  Tell Will I expect to see him a man in behaviour.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston