Letter 261
29 November 1853
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I arrived here yesterday evening very much fatigued, but went to bed at eight oclock & feel quite well this morning.

	We had a pleasant trip down in the way of company and so forth.  The cars were crowded before Abbeville.  A good many came from Andersonamongst them F. Burt who greeted me most cordially.

	Janney & his little daughter enquired where Anna was.  Flora Jones came up to me with Col. Irbys daughter & spoke & enquired after Anna.  They are now here but go back to school this morning & will return Saturday.  Janney says he can find a room for Anna.  There are no ladies here now, but will be on Saturday.  She would have been rather lost amidst so many men & no ladies.  Miss Irby & Flora Jones enquired if Anna was going to the commencement Ball.  I told them yes.  They spoke of not going, but I am sure they will.

	I will be at the rail road depot at four oclock to meet Anna & Willie on Saturday.  Give them something to eat on the road & tell them not to get out of the cars on the road.

	The House is very full but upstairs seems quiet & pleasant.  I have seen a good many of my acquaintances.  There was nothing done yesterday in the legislature or court.

	Judge Frost has resigned& it is said that Chancellor Dargan & General Whitner intend to resign.  The labours of a Judge are now so arduous & keep them so much from home, that a man who can live without the, is not disposed to be a Judge.

	I am writing to you just after breakfast & just before going to the court of Appeals as you expressed a wish to know the time of day my letters are written.

	Col. Brockman lost his trunk yesterday, but it was found at Caldwells Tavern last night about eleven oclock.  The trunk had money in it.  Duncan & Elford are here & quite well.  Morgan has not come.  I am afraid he is sick.  McBee is not yet here.  I have heard nothing from old Mrs. Butler.

	I hope you and the children are all well.  Send all of my shirts by Willie.  Tell Reuben to haul out the manure & Charles to spade up the garden.  Let Reuben work all the horses occasionally to exercise them.  I have just been interrupted by a candidate for officeMr. Evans of Marion.  He was a long time giving me a history of parties in his district.

	I must now conclude my letter & go to court.  It is raining & the weather prospect bad.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville