Letter 200
4 December 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I received your scalding letter last night.  It is anythingpleasant to receive letters repining & grumbling from ones wife.  I wrote you all the complimentary notices & remarks made by gentlemen about me, and therefore instead of being gratified & pleased with them, & loving me the more for them you burst forth in a passion because I cannot be what some of my friends would desire to see me.  This is poor consolation to me.  For God sake my dear wife divest yourself of this disposition & habit.   It makes both you and myself unpleasant.  Look on the bright side of the picture & not the dark.  It is just as easy & far more consoling.  I did not write to you to create the belief that it was possible I could be elected either governor or Judge at this time but to show you that there were members of the Legislature who thought of me for those high offices.

	My speech made the other day on the basis of representation & the division of Pendleton has been very highly complimented.  [Nathaniel] Morgan came to me & said that whilst listening to the speech & seeing the effect it was producing. [he] could but feel proud of me as a colleague & that he too was from Greenville.  He said that if the people of Greenville could have been there to have heard it, they would never have thought of opposing me again.  McBee also complimented the speech.  Augustus Townes told me that he spoke of my speech in a crowd of gentlemen & they all commented in high encomiums on it & me.  The speech will be published.  Col. Glover asked me for a copy of my notes of the speech.  They all say it embodied information which was new to them.

	The Electoral Bill was postponed yesterday till Tuesday.  The Bank Bill was discussed & I took a part in the discussion.

	Another terrible accident happened on the Charleston rail road.  The two night trains met & broke everything to pieces.  One man was killed & a great many injured & crippled.  The cars did not reach here till four oclock last night.  I have not yet heard from Anna.  Perhaps I may when the mail is opened.  There was no accident on the train the day she went down.

	The ladies are crowding in here from all parts of the state for the commencement Ball.  Janneys house is full of them.  I wish you were here.  Next winter I will engage a room for us & you shall stay all the session.  Hext by that time will be out of the way.

       Dr. Keith of Orangeburgh & Mr. Dantzler his cousin [Olin Miller] Dantzler a member of the Legislature went off the other day to fight a duel in North Carolina.  It is said that Judge Butler has had them arrested as he passed through Charleston.

       Col. Brockman has just been in today to pay me his morning visit & says Sam Mauldin is in a very bad way, & wishes to destroy himself, tried to jump out of the cars as he came down.  They keep a constant watch over him.  Joab is on his way to Darlington to get married.

       I must now conclude my letter.  Last night I felt worn out & exhausted by the loss of sleep & went to bed early.  I could not attend the meeting of the board of Trustees last night.  This morning I feel pretty well.  My arm & hand are improving.  I am beginning to use the hand a little & this morning was able to button my shirt sleeves for the first time.

       I am very much pleased with Janneys Hotel.  It is far superior to Maybins.

       Tell Willie I should like for him to be here next Fall to enter college.  Ham[lin] Beattie is here for that purpose.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. In regard to Susan & McBee I have nothing to say.  I am sorry to ever hear them mentioned.  Morgan had a long talk with me about them the other morning.  He said Luther made a pretty good story on his side of the question.  Therefore I told him of his conduct which shocked Morgan very much.  Yours &c, B.F.P.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville