Letter 487
9 May 1858
Columbia

My dear Liz

	When I wrote you last letter Friday night, I thought my attack of diar[r]hea was over, when in fact it had just commenced.  I did not sleep one moment that night.  Mr. Janney gave mebrandy &but they had no effect in stopping the disease.  I was up & down every twenty minutes all night & finally concluded I Had an attack of cholera.  Just before day I sent for Dr. Fair.  He came & administered the pills composed of laudanum&calomel &c.  After taking four at intervals of twenty minutes, the disease was checked.  But I was left prostratenot able to attend the Bar meeting or to my case before Chancellor Dargan.  I remained in bed all yesterday till night.  Mr. Janney was very kind and attentive to me.  So was Col. Memminger, Mr. Elford & Col. Herndon.  I have been down to breakfast & feel well but rather weak.  I shall endeavour to return home as soon as possible.  I hope to get through my business on Tuesday.

	Dr. LeConte returned with his wife & Tulula Saturday morning but Miss Graham did not come with them.  I saw Talula at the breakfast at table this morning.  She looks pale & I think her health is not good.  She seems dull spirited, but enquired kindly after Anna.  I have not seen Mrs. LeConte yet.  She is very much affected by her journey.

	This morning Nat Heyward came up & spoke to me & enquired after you & your mother & family.  I did not know him till he told me his name.  He is becoming gray.

	Dr. LeConte came to me room to see me soon after he returned hearing that I was sick.

	I rece[ive]d your letter yesterday evening & the one you sent from Willie.  I suppose I had better send him a check for one hundred dollars.  I intended sending you some money in my last letter but forgot it.  I will enclose ten dollars in this letter.

	This is Sunday but I shall not venture out to church.  I hope to be able to go into court tomorrow & go on with my business.  I have been eating green peas & drinking ice water.

	Dr. Fair has just been to see me again & says I am well, but may have to take magnesium tomorrow to gently open my bowels.  He seems very skilful[l] & I like him very much.

	My friend Janney is most devoted, & I must tell you of his extreme appreciation of me.  As soon as he heard of the death of Judge Evans he went to Petigru, to get him to use his influence with Governor Allston to have me appointed to fill the vacancy.  He says Petigru approved heartily but said he could not approach Allston on the subject.  He then spoke to Chancellor Johnston, who also favored his.  But the Governor left here determined not to make any appointment.  He is an aspirant himself to the position.

	Mr. Janney has just been up to see me again.  His daughters have something to seen Anna when I go up.

Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville