Letter 161
24 November 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	We arrived here this morning to breakfast.  There was a great crowd last night Fulks last night.  Judge ONeall, Col. Brockman, Col. Ware & many others were there.  I had a long political talk with Col. Brockman this morning, and he is all right in politics.

	I am sorry to inform you that Mr. [John Izard] Middleton has been beaten for Speaker by Simmons [James Simons] of Charleston.  The Bank men all voted against him, in order to have a Bank Speaker, so that they might control the appointment of all the committees.  To my great surprise Col. Jones voted with the Bank menno doubt to curry favor with the majority.  It ought to be known in Greenville that a man who was elected as anti Bank man, came down to Columbia & the first vote he gives is for a Bank Speaker to give the Bank the entire control of all the committees & a powerful bearing in strengthening the Bank.

	Willie & Frank behaved quite well.  They are both now sitting at my table reading books purchased for them by Mr. Duncan.  They both behaved well coming down.  They went with me to the State House & remained in the gallery till near four oclock.  General martin saw them, & said his whole family was here.  They are greatly admired by all who notice them.  Col. Herndon remarked that I was increasing my company.  He said he should soon have one large enough to bring.  Col Dawkins came down on the cars this morning with us & says Mrs. Dawkins will be here tomorrow.

	We had a pleasant trip down, & enjoyed your good dinner very much. On the roadside.  Col. Hampton came to my seat in the House of Representatives this morning & had with me a long political talk.  He thinks with me & I find the whole state is turning that way.  My old friends here have met me very cordially.  This morning I stepped into a hot store to purchase ho & the owner subscribed for The Southern Patriot.  Burt makes a great many apologies for not publishing my piece, & says he ordered it to be done.  He proposed taking Willie & Frank to see the town.  Judge ONeall is with me in politics.

	It is said Judge Cheves is to be made Governor.  But I do not believe he will accept.  Col. Hampton told me that Col. Pickens had declined.  Hampton is spoken of for Governor.  But he told me that he would disgrace himself if elected.  He said Col. Hammond was a corrupt & bad man & ought not to be elected to the Senate & that he had letters in his possession that ought to damn him in public estimation.

	Petigru says that Memminger thinks the chancery will come to him by his course on the Southern question.  I am unable to say who will be judge & chancellor.  The elections will occupy the greater part of the Session.

	I have not yet made any purchase of clothing except a pair of boots & hat nor have I been able to  your mothers present for Fanny & little Susan.  But I will do so in due time.

	Since I have been writing I have received a long letter from General Thompson in Washington.  But strange to say he does not mention his marriage.  It was however advertised in one of the Charleston papers.  He writes encouragingly about our paper & I have just recd a letter from someone who neglected to sign his name but I think it is from Dr. F. Croft.  He says my Paper is favorably spoken of in Charleston & if I were to send an agent there would get a great many subscribers.  He directs me to send my paper to him in Aiken.  Henry L. Pinckney has written me a long letter about his office.  Dr. Gantt has also written me a letter electioneering for a half dozen candidates.

	I have not yet seen Mr. McBee.  Remember me kindly to your mother, Susan & Anne & in this message Willie & Frank have just requested to unite with me.  They also join with me in love to you, Anna & Fanny.  I hope you are getting on well with you household. & shall anxiously expect to hear from you by the next mail.  I wish very much you & the little girls were with me.  Frank is not altogether so pleasant a companion as Willie.  I really think Will is the most remarkable Boy for intelligence & observation that I ever saw.

	I have written you a miserable scrawl & will try & do better the next time.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville