Letter 439
28 November 1857
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just come up from dinner & the clock has just struck two.  Whilst at dinner with Dr. & Mrs. LeConte, Col. Memminger Yeadon & myself, John Cunningham came & took a seat at out table.  In speaking of the Senatorial election he said he would go honestly against any man who was my candidate.  I replied I thought there was very little honesty in abandoning a mans principles or friends because anyone expressed them.  Some other conversation ensured & I told him that he himself was once a union man & his father alsothat I was still where they had left me & gone over to the enemy.  He is the personification of an evil spirit.  I got through with dinner as soon as possible & left the table to get rid of his vile presence.

	At the table, Mrs. LeConte said to Yeadon, sitting by my side, that he was not himself today.  He replied, pointing to me, I am then madam beside myself.  That said Cunningham is the most perfect truth you ever uttered.  I hope Cunningham will not give us the pleasure of his company any day.

	I rece[ive]d your letter last night & enclosed I send you a ten dollar Bill to send Miss Hill.  General Martin has sent a large bundle for Susan which I will send Tuesday by Wells,

	I have no news to write you except what is contained in the two letters sent you for the Patriot.  Mr. Elford returned home Saturday morning, & will return to Columbia Tuesday.  If you have any letters from the children which would interest me you can send them by him.

	Instead of going to church today with Mr. & Mrs. LeConte as they requested me, I have been writing all day.

	Major Wright came to my room last night & left with me a brief in the case of Bonys& delivered a message from Mr. Robert Maxwell that he wanted me to argue the case in the court of appeals & he would be responsible for my fees in the case.  This is good news, for I thought it doubtful, whether I should get anything out [of]  Bonys & Mather.

	I thank you  for your Editorial about the paper rece[ive]d from Bradford.  It was your first, & you have done so well that I believe I shall take you as a partner.

	I made a good speech last night before the committee on my Bill for reorganizing the college, and I think I carried the committee in favor of it.

	I am sorry your mother is so much worried about her apprehension of her house being broken open again.  I do not think there is any danger.  It would have been as well for them not to have proceeded at all against Perry.

	I am very much afraid Hammond will be elected to the Senate.  All the prominent men in the Legislature are against him.  Col. Hampton, Col. Preston, the speaker & President, Col. Memminger, Yeadon, Col. Means, Col. Irby, General McGowan, Col. Marshall, McCready, Col. Dudl[e]y & in fact all the gentlemen.  But the hoi pelloi are for him.  Petigru was very severe on some of them the other day.

	I a very wiling that Wiley & Charles should cut & have your mother wood as long as she desires.  Wiley must see about getting corn & fodder from Turner or someone else when it gives out.

	I shall endeavour to run home Saturday & return Tuesday.  Nothing will be done in the Legislature [on] Monday which is college commencement.  But the courts may detain me.

	Kiss the children for me.  Yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville