Letter 403
6 September 1857
Greenville

My dear son

	We arrived at home Saturday evening & were glad to receive your letter.  But out return was otherwise a bad one.  We found your aunt Susans Sdead.  She died about the time we reached the depot of scarlet fever.  Last Sunday she was in church & this Sunday she was covered there a corpse.

	We found Arthur too quite unwell with the prevailing pandemic, but is getting better.   His mother is nursing him again.  He knew us both & seems fond of us.  I hope he will soon be well.  But I am afraid of the scarlet fever spreading in our families.

	We are thankful to be at home once more.  Hext & Hayne are quite well & so is Fannie.  Vardry came up today to see Susan buried.  He looks fat & heavy.  We are qute lonelyyou & Willie & Anna.

	I was glad tohad soloved inagain, & your watchYou will now study hard & be a good boy.  Tell Mr. Miller I am very thankful to him for his kindness to you.

	Your mother says you are the best of all the children in writing to us.  We have heard nothing from Anna or Willie since we left them.  Your acquaintances & friends all enquire about you.  In Columbia we met Frank Cox & Tench Cox.  As we came up the Greenville Rail Road, the freight train had run over a cow which delayed us an hour.  Last Saturday the passenger train ran over a cow just at the depot & turned over the whole train.  The passengers were buried considerably, but no lives were lost.

	Your mother is now writing to Willie.  She wrote to Anna today through Fannie.  You must write to us every day or two & tell us about your studies &

	I suppose you have received the Patriot before this time which will give you all the

	to Mrs. Greene.  Yourmyself were very muchwith her & very thankful.her kindness to you.  We hope you will be pleased with her son & find him a pleasant companion for yourself.

	Remember your examination is coming on in a few days & you must improve your time as well as you can.

	I write you in great haste & must now conclude.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

P.S. Your aunt Anna Hayne died about two weeks ago.  Frank Cox is going to Philadelphia to enter the university of Philadelphia & stay there several days.  Susan Hoke is going on to the north next week with Joseph Long & Thomas Crayton & his wife.  She will stop at Burlington & see Anna.  Chancellor Caldwells daughter is going with them to goat Burlington.  Mr. Springswife were very much pleasedyour appearance & thoughtthat your mother had so large.

Frank Perry
Annapolis