Letter 457
27 December 1857
Harvard College

Dear Mama

	I received a letter from you yesterday; I also received the one containing Fannies Christmas present, for which I am very much obliged to her.  They came just in time, as I had lost one of mine.

	I wrote to Pa last Sunday, and directed to Columbia, but Im afraid he had left Columbia, before my letter reached there.  I received a letter from Anna the other day, written in Philadelphia.  She says that the Physician says she must go home, and she is going with Dr. John LeConte.  She says that she is going on the 31st of this month, so she will be at home not long after this letter reaches there.  I was very much surprised.  I had no idea that Anna was so unwell.  I am sorry of it, but will be glad to see her at home when I get there, and I hope that she will be well by that time.  I will write to her today, but I expect she will have left Philadelphia, the letter gets there.  I thought it was all humbug sending her off to school so far, from the first.

	In my last letter I told you that we were invited to Mr. Winthrops to dinner yesterday (Saturday).  Though I didnt at first intend to go, I had concluded to go, but it snowed so hard all day yesterday, that neither the Memmingers not myself could go.  I didnt care about going at first, and was glad that the snow made a good excuse for not going.

	We went last Tuesday night to hear an oration by Mr. Everett, and liked it very much.

	Today is Sunday.  The ground is covered with snow, and it is as cold as anything.  Day before yesterday was Christmas.  I hope that you have had a merry one.  I cant say that I have.  We had holiday that day, which was very acceptable.

	The time for going home is now approaching and you dont know [how] glad I am of it.  Being so far from home makes one value a visit home more.

	I will be all the way with the Memmingers now, on the way home, as I wont have to go by Annapolis.  I forgot, I wont be with them, as I will certainly go by Annapolis to see Frank; but I will be with them that far.  There are two students in our class from Baltimore, who will be with us that far.

	It is near dinner time, so I will close, as I will have to go to chapel this evening, and write to Anna too.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville