Letter 205
10 December 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines this morning at my seat in the House of Representatives.

	Your letter last evening enclosing one from your Aunt Hayne was rece[ive]d last night after my return from the State House.  I was glad to hear from you & your punctuality as a correspondent lays me under great obligations to you.  If I had time I would write you more of a statement & love in my letters but I am so much pressed by business that I have no time for indulging in such feelings.  My letters to you all seem matters of fact epistles & will be amazing to our descendants one hundred years hence.  I was sorry that you did not hear from me the day you wrote me.  But your goodness and love have contributed to the right course whenever you do not hear from me.  The mails are very irregular& I really have not time to write.  I find that at Mr. Janneys I am compelled to spend more of my time in conversation and company than I did at Maybins.  There is more society there& it would be rude not to participate.  There are more persons too to see me than [I am] used to.

	I made a speech the other night on the Charleston Institute & on appreciation for the same.  Mr. Tupper came to me the next morning and said if the Institute awarded premiums for eloquence they would most assuredly bestow on me the first premium for that high gift for my speech.

	I read your Bill of groceries to Brockman & Elford & they both said it was impossible for our familyon that amount of Sugar, and that our servants must steal it.  Elford told me as to the quantity he used & said it would be no doubt be twice as much if he did not keep it locked up.  I am afraid our servants do steal the sugar.  Brockman said it was a pretty good bill for a grocery store.  I reduced the quantity of sugar considerably butall the other articles.

	Elford leaves here tomorrow.  Mrs. Elford went on the other day with Mr. Cox & some Baptist preachers to Charleston.  I Am willing fore Anna to stay & come up with Mr. & Mrs. Elford.  Mr. & Mrs. Trimmier have returned.  I rece[ive]d a long letter from Anna this morning.  She is very much pleased with Charleston & seems to enjoy herself very much.  I am very much grattified to know that Anna has drawn forth the good opinion of her friends in Charleston.  She is a very sensible & most affectionate little girlfar superior to the ordinary girls of her age.    She too a happy cheerful disposition which is a great thing for anyone.  It makes life pleasant & add to the happiness of others.

	Mr. Beattie will leave in the morning & if anything occurs I will write you tonight by him.  The Legislature has gone down to the college at this time to witness the laying of the new cornerstone of the chapel & will be back in a few minutes.  President Thornwell delivers an address in the House of Rep[resentative]s this morning & the ladies are now assembling.  I must conclude.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville