Letter 677
29 June 1864
Camp, 2nd S.C. Cav[alry], Chisolmville

Dear Pa

 	Your letters seem to backwards.  Since I last wrote you I have received two letters from you and one from Ma, one from you I received yesterday dated Columbia 12th June. What in the world could have delayed these letters so I cannot imagine.  All that I received from Fannie came safely and promptly to hand though directed just like yours to Charleston.  I also received one yesterday from Stokes.  He does not seem much pleased with the idea of coming from Georgetown to this part of the coast, but I suppose they will have to come down here before long.  This place is as healthy as any in this vicinity, but that is not saying much for it, as none of this country is healthy; we have some sickness since coming here.  Our Maj. (Screven) has gone off sick, so has our Surgeon, and now we are borrowing a Surgeon.  Charley Lanneau has gone to the hospital, not seriously sick though.

	I wrote you that I am acting Adjutant.  It has kept me quite busy making out moring & monthly Reports.  I dont think I will hold on to the position any longer than until our Company comes here.

	I paid Capt. Earle a visit a day or two ago.  He is camped only about a mile and a half from us.  We have had some very hot weather lately.  Today is a little more pleasant as we had a shower yesterday morning.  Muskitos bother us a good deal.  If you had such a thing as a Muskito net or could get me one I would like to have it.  On Picket it is a great deal worse than in camp.  I have not been on Picket yet.

	We get a daily mail here, being only about 5 miles from Green Pond Station.  We get the Charleston daily papers every day, so are able to keep up with the news of the day, though for the past few days there has been very little news from either Virginia or Georgia.  But no news is better than bad news.  I suppose Fannie will soon be at home again.  Ma wrote that Charlie was lame.  How is he now and how is my horse Wagoner.  Are his eyes any better.  I wrote you that I had lost my bay horse, the first horse I have had to die since I have been in service.  Captain Williams wrote me some time since  that you wanted some certificate about the loss of John Greens horse, and that he referred you to me as I was in command of the Company.  If you want the certificate write me what is the nature of it.

	I have no news to write you.  Everything is quiet along this part of the coast apparently.  My horse is not thriving as well as I could wish.  He looks gaunt and wont fatten though Wiley gives him every attention.  I am very well myself and so is Wiley.  We live in tents as in Virginia, and the life in camp is pretty much the same, though it seems more monotonous from the fact that we are not expecting to move every day as we were there.

	Give my love to all.  Your aff[ectionate] Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville

[This letter is faded badly]