Letter 588
Sunday, 29 April 1860
Charleston

My dear Liz

	I have packed up to go home this evening but the South Carolina delegation said I must not.  Col. Orr and General McGowan have urged the matter in such a way that I suppose I must stay.

       The committee have done nothing yet.  The vote is taken Monday morning, & perhaps good faith & honor require me to remain.  I am very much disgusted with the convention, but having a trust confided to me I ought to carry it out.  It is thought I may do something by staying.  But I dont agree with the South Carolina delegation in theirnor with the majority of the Convention.  If we stay we may defeat Douglass nomination & secure that of Dickinson or Breckinridge.

	You & Willie & Fanny must come down to Columbia Tuesday or Wednesday & I will meet you there.  I wish you to be sure to come.  You can all come free.  Say I am in Charleston & will be in the rail road convention.  If youany money, borrow of Mrs. Beattie & I will return it.  If I went home I should have to start back the next morning.  So it will be as well for me to remain till the convention adjourns & then meet you in Columbia.  I think you had better come down Tuesday.  I will not be able to go up till Wednesday.  The Convention will not adjourn before Wednesday.

	You can get Susan to take charge of the children & you bring Susan with you.  Hext may go to General Thompsons & stay.  I am in great perplexity about staying here & going home.  I never before hesitated so much about my course.  But you wrote me to stay, & everyone here says I would not be discharging my duty if I went off.  It will only postpone my seeing you a day or two which I desire above all things and you must meet me in Columbia.

	Tell Willie to come with you & bring Fannie & Susan.  I have not time to write you any more.  I was invited today to dine with Col. Drayton but I do not think I shall.  It is a very bad day.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

P.S. I have bought you a sewing machine, the best, & simplist, for $20 & have packed it in my trunk.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville