Letter 623
24 August 1861
Richmond

My dear Liz

	I arrived here last night about nine oclock & there was the greatest difficulty in getting lodging.  I walked from the depot to the Spotswood Hotel& succeeded in securing a room.  This morning I met Barnwell Rhett who kindly went with me to the Secretary of War.  His subordinate refused a passport notwithstanding Governor Pickens certificate on my saying that my son was not sick.  Rhett then presented Pickens certificate to Walker & he immediately gave me a passport for myself & two servants.  I then called on Col. Memminger who invited me to his house this evening.  Then I went to thelooked at the Equestrian Statue of Washington superior to Jacksons at Washington.  I then walked into the Representative Hall & had a long chat with Mr. Barnwell.  Rhett came up & said who would have thought twelve months ago that Mr. Perry would be on his way to the army to see his son?  Mr. Barnwell replied who thought then that there would be an army at all!  I had a long talk with Rhett this morning before breakfast.  He & Barnwell differ on almost every subject before Congress.

        I have just purchased a fine india Rubber overcoat for Willie, ten dollars.  I met Mr. Boyce in the War Department.  On my way back I met Col. Chesnut who asked me to carry a letter & package to General Beauregard.  Dr. [page torn], who is very feeble from typhoid fever tells me Mrs. Hampton has returned to Columbia.  He says the Legion is now at Oc[c]oquan near the Potomac fifteen or twenty miles from Washington & that a forward movement is contemplated, crossing over into Maryland.  It is said Lee will fight a battle shortly in Western Virginia.

       I have seen a great many young men from the army & going to the army.  Cox has been discharged from the Butler Guards & tells me he is going to Pennsylvania to look after his property.  He is very much alarmed about it & says that if confiscated he will be pennyless.  He says John Jones, Pu Pool, Scruggs, Carson are well or improving.  Two of Duncans sons, Wiles & T are to be discharged on account of their health.  Duncan & wife are still at FairFax.  He did not know much about the Legion.  I met young Dr.  now engaged in the Hospital.  He told me a great deal about the prisoners.

       Ed Stokes boy John lost four trappings of theat Petersburgh & they could not be found.

       I shall not be able to see the President I expect till my return.  I sent to the Post office but rece[ive]d no letter from you.  Cox tells me Thomas has returned home & he may tell you about the Legion.  Love to all.  I may write again tonight.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville