Letter 639
25 November 1862
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I recei[ve]d your letter of Sunday this morning & Ianxiously expect one this evening.

	With all the gentlemen I have met they expressed the depest regret at my not being elected Speaker.  Governor Manningat the election.  They speak of running me for Governor or Chancellor.  If the election was held today, since the upper country members have come down,  I should be elected.

	I saw Mrs. LeConte & her daughter & sister today.  They were deeply concerned in the election.  Miss Lula told me so, her mother also.  They made a great many inquiries about you & Fannie & wished you had both come down with me &up in the gallery to see them which seemed to attract the attention of the whole House.

	Mr. Yeadon seems determined to honor me in some way for my defeat & a great many other members have expressed the same determinatioin.

	The Governors message was read today & was very strong against the Council.  The questions came up toon Whaleys Resolutions.

	I have seen no one[James Petigru] Boyce.  He seemsto me & is really one of the sincerest friends I have.  He is a noble gentleman.  Dr. Croft is equallyin his friendship.  Boyce & myself agree on everything & I like Col. [James] McCullough very much.  We all get on finely.

	There was nothing done in the House today.  Tomorrow there may be some discussion.  It is said the session will continue twice.  But I do not think so.

	I wrote you last night by Mr. Sass.  Duncan will carry this letter up in the morning.

	I am afraid the weather has turned too warm for your peoople.  It is said we shall have plenty of salt from Alabama.    You see an account of it in the papers.

	I hope Hext & Ben returned safely Monday morning.

	The troops here are turning home from several of the regiments.  But Elfords men are remaining.

	I have nothing to write except what youin the newspapers.

	I have not seen or heard from your uncle Arthur.  Col. Isaac Hayne seems very friendly & so does Gen. Martin.  He called up his little daughter E to methe other day.  She is very good looking.

	I saw Miss B.  She told me to ask you whether.  That is the price in Columbia.

	Tell Fannie I will write her as soon as I get anything to write about & for her tome all the news.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville