Letter 685
8 December 1864
Columbia

My dear Liz

	Yesterday I made a speech & defeated a Bill to extend the planting of cotton.  Col. Dawkins & Mullins took the same view.  We are all complimented for our efforts.  In the evening I dined with the Governor in company with Judge Conrad of Louisiana, Gov. Manning, Gen. McGowan, Cols. Dawkins, Porter, Boylston, Buist, DeSaussure & others.  We had a very pleasant time.  Mr. Janney was so kind as to lend me a horse & one for Col. Dawkins to ride out to the Governors three miles from Columbia.

	I did not see Fannie yesterday, but Hext says she is better & going about the house.  But the day was unfavorable in the morning & they did not come to the State House.  There is no news.  I rece[ive]d your letter last night & was glad to hear from tyou.  I have not heard from Willie since Fannies letter from him.

	Tell Susan I will make the arrangement she desires when I return home.  I have heard nothing from Vardry since he was at Charleston.  I suppose the Cadets are now at Grahamville.  I expect[ed] to have seen the witnesses down from Greenville in Col. Wares case last night but did not.  I write you just after breakfast & as I have nothing particular to communicate I will finish my letter after the House adjourns.

	It is now past eight oclock in the night & I have just returned from a dinner at Col. Campbells where we had a very pleasant party of Ladies & gentlemen & a fine dinner.  After writing the above letter this morning I went to see Fannie & she had walked up street.  She afterwards came to the State House but I did not see her.  Col. Campbells daughter told me that she came into the gallery whilst I was speaking  on the contested election between Dr. McConley & [G. Allen] Huggins.  She is better & Mrs. LeConte takes good care of her.  Hext has been to see me twice today.  He wishes to sell his gun to Dr. LaBordes son for six dollars in gold which would be about $200.  I gave $75.00 for the gun.  I told him that was not enough.  He went off & said he would take $9.00 in gold which would be about $300.

	Col. Campbell has several daughters & they seem pleasant girls.  I was seated to the right of the lady at the head of the tablethe post of honor.  But I do not know whether She was his sister or his wife.  Her name was Campbell, whether Miss or Mrs. I could not tell.  I walked back with Mr. Lord who is a most charming gentleman.  On my return I seeButlers name registered though I have not seen him.

	I have just read your letter & am surprised you did not hear from me Tuesday evening I wrote you.  I am glad the Beeves are killed & wish you to kill the hog as soon as possible & the weather will permit.  Beattie, Bane & Thurston are all here but I have not seen them yet.  It is now nine oclock in the night.

	I have no war news.  I think with you that Easley ought to have told John not to come for the corn.  I hope I shall be able to get corn from someone else.  Col. Ware says he told his negroes to carry my Barrel of molasses up as soon as they get through sowing wheat.

	Good night my dear wife.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville