Letter 210
13 December 1852
The State House

My dear Liz

	I will write you a line now, for I am afraid I shall not be able to do so tonight.  But I am writing amidst the confusion of the House.

	The Governor Elect [John L. Manning] has just been inaugurated & I have been to see him & take a glass of champaign.  He said to me that he should look to me as one of the counsellors & advisors of his administration & one of the most important.  Governor Means said to me that I now would not notice him, but paid all my attention to the Governor elect.  I replied that it was proper to pay first my respects to the rising sun.  He interrupted me by saying that he hoped I would not forget the setting sun.  I assured him that was no danger of that.

	Col. Brooks came to me just now & said I was the most remarkable man in South Carolina.  That I was the more abused & traduced than anyone in the State, and yet I had more influence in the House of representatives than anyone else and commanded more the attention of the members than anyone in the House.  He said the Edgefield delegation were particularly influenced by my speeches & votes.  That Mr. [Wiley] Harrison of that district who was a very hot secessionist said he wished his name commenced with a P and mine with, so that I would have to vote before him& he might know how to vote, as he always wished to vote as I did.

	I recd last night a letter from [John] Livingston of New York enclosing the proof sheets of my Biography.  He says the likeness will be sent me in a few days.  The sketch makes sixteen pages & reads pretty well.  With a good likeness I hope the Biography will be creditable to me, & I feel under obligation to General Thompson for the sketch.

	I recd last night a letter from Anna.  She seems well pleased & happysays she had no idea you & I would value her letters so much as we have done.  I wrote to her this morning & said she must come up with Mr. & Mrs. Elford.

	I hope to hear from you this evening.  It is yet doubtful whether we adjourn on Wednesday or Friday.

	Tell Willie that Anderson who is in college enquired when he would be in college, last night & young Buist returned home from college this morning.

	I will now close my letter.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville