Letter 36
Friday, [12 December 1845]
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I hope you have arrived safely atand I shall address this letter to Water Loo.  I feel anxious to hear how you & the children made out in your journey.   But you are a great manager & I have no doubt you got on very well.  You have beautiful weather.  By the by, you are this morning about this time, 8 oclock setting off from Goldsmith.

	I did not write you by the last mail because I know the letter could not reach Greenville before you had started, nor had I time to write,  I have been exceedingly engaged for several days past & shall still be until the Legislature adjourn[n]ing & you may not perhaps hear from me again.

	My bill giving the election of Electors to the People has undergone a long discussion & been rejected in the Senate by a vote of 25 to 19.  I opened the debate, Col. Pickens replied in a very warm & excellent speech on his side.  Col. Thompson spoke next on my side not very ably you may suppose.  Col. [George Washington] Dargan replied on the other side in a very long & most elaborate speech.  This excited me to another effort.  Col. Preston came to me in the Senate chamber & gave me his views & went off & hunted up all the authorities for me.  He brought young Mr. Blanding & introduced him to me who also furnished me with some additional facts.  The debate was adjourned till next day.    In the meantime Col. Preston sent me more books.  I went back fully prepared & made a speech of one hour & a half in length which all friends & opponents, admit did me great credit.  A great many persons have applied to me to have the speech published.  I shall do so as soon as I can write it off.  The Senate chamber was almost empty when I took the floor.  Before I concluded there was a dense crowd all around me.  I felt that I was making a good speech & my replies to Col Dargan & Col. Pickens were very happy & appropriate.

	I will now give you an account of the parties which I attended last night & the night before.  The Governor gave a magnificent democratic party at Col. Maybins Hotel.  There were a thousand persons present.  They drank eighteen hundred bottles of champaign, besides other wines & brandy.  The supper was a handsome one & must have cost a great deal.  The drawing room was covered around the walls, with flags, banners,&c.  There was a painting in one end of the room with the names of all the governors of South Carolina with Aiken at their head showing through showing through a trans

	There were not many ladies.  The Hamptons & Singletons were there however & some others.
Before night I received a message from a lady that she desired to be introduced to me that evening at the governors party.  So I brushed up & went into the ball room about ten oclock, after returning from the State House.  I was escorted through an almost impenetrable crowd to Mrs. Ellet the wife of a Professor in College & a very literary lady who writes for all the magazines, reviews &c.  You have seen some of her articles in the Democratic Review.  She is not only literary but very handsome about thirty.  I believe ladies never get beyond that age.  She took my arm & we commenced a promenade in the long piazza.  The other ladies & gentlemen followed.  We had quite a literary talk.  I found her very agreeable.    She made me promise to collect some information connected with Col. Clevelands life & character.

	Whilst promenading with Mrs. Ellet I met Gen. Canty with a lady hanging to his arm about forty, with a pleasant smiling face having still the vestiges of former beauty.  I thought I had seen her, but could not recall, either name, time or place.  In the course of the evening, I asked Gen. Canty who she was.  He said to me she is an acquaintance of yours.  Says she remembers you very well & perhaps you might remember her as Mrs. Cripps.  I took the Generals arm & was immediately introduced to her.  I saw her fifteen or sixteen years since at William Mauldins wedding in Georgetown.  She told me that she had frequently seen me since.    She once heard me make a speech in the Legislature on the duelling billthat she saw me at Greenville &c.  Poor woman you know her sad fatemarried a drunkard & separated.

	Last night I rerce[ive]d an invitation from Col. & the Misses Hamptons.  Col. Harleston & myself went together four miles & a half.  We started after 8 oclockgot lost & arrived there just at ten oclock.  Quite a fashionable house!  When we came within lights on each side of the road negroes standing to add fuel, the road was perfectly lighted.  On the gate posts a quarter of mile from the house there were--lamps burning.  The lawn leading up to the house & all the circuitous walks in front of the house were lighted with lamps. I suppose at least one thousand.  It looked like the starry firmament brilliant indeed.

	Col. Hamptons residence is a magnificent one & looks like an English noblemans palace.  I cannot undertake to describe it to you in a letter.  The company had all assembled.  We were ushered into a wide entry & on each hand there appeared to be rooms as far as the eye could see filled with all the elite of Columbia the Legislature & a large portion of the state.  There were wealth & fashion & beauty.    Col. Hampton met us & carried us through the smiling crowd to his daughter & gave us an introduction.  They were dancing & waltzing & flirting & talking all around.  I knew most of the gentlemen present, but few of the ladies.    I saw a lady dancing with Middleton who looked pretty but somewhat faded & I said to Mrs. Bull who was standing by my side what lady is that dancing with Middleton?  That is Mrs. Bull was his reply.  I saw Miss Pride (still Miss Pride).  She went to Europe this past summer with Col. Davieyour cousin Allston Hayne was there & quite a dancer.

	The supper was the most beautiful affair I ever sawmagnificent yet graceful.  The tables were arranged in circles all round the room.  In the center a splendid collum of evergreens &c.  But I will not describe.  Leave this for a conversation.  I left as the company were breaking up at one oclockgot home at two, & woke up this morning at sixfeel quite wellhave to b0e in the court House at ten, to argue a case from Spartanburghand in the Senate at eleven.

	Since I have been writing it has clouded over & we have appearance of rain.  I feel for you & the dear little children & think of your lonely condition on the road.  I hope however it will not rain today.  This day week I shall meet you & I assure you that I shall greet this place with great pleasure.

	After my return home I shall have to go to Charleston, perhaps in January, to argue a case in the court of Appeals, Mrs. Mayrants case.  The court has not time to dispose of it here.  Col. Hunt & the Attorney General are employed against me.   We have made an arrangement to take it up whenever I go down.  The only objection is the season of the year.  But that is nothing if we go down in the stage.    Think of it.  We can carry all the children with us.

	I must now go into court.  You must give my respects to Mr. & Mrs. Cunningham, and Miss Pamela.  Tell her that I have given her womansto Dr. Arnold.  My friend Simms is about starting a magazine again.  If he does it will afford miss Pamela & myself an opportunity of making use of the womans

	Kiss all the children for me & believe me your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Water Loo P.O.