Letter 710
30 October 1865
Columbia

My dear Lizzie

	I wrote you yesterday & sent the letter by Mr. Raymond enclosing a check for Mr. Grady.  I hope you have received the letter & handed the check to Grady. There will be a balance due me on the check which you can get if you need money.  But be careful in spending for it is a hard matter to get money [in] these times.  I have not spent a cent since I have been in Columbia.

	I am writing you at the hour of one, the hour fixed for voting for Senate.  If the Legislature goes into the election I will keep my letter open to write you the result which may be for me or against.  It is all uncertain in Elections.  Now we are informed that Col. Orr is elected Governor!  Saturday it was positively assumed trhat General Hampton was elected & I telegraphed the President immediately explaining the course of the election & assuring him that politics had nothing to do with it.  I likewise requested him to pardon General Hampton.  He telegraphed me yesterday that he had pardoned him as I requested it.  So General Hampton has got his pardon by my mistake & solicitation.  I am glad of it.  Hampton is a noble gentleman.

	Yesterday morning Mrs. Pickens came down and immediately sent General Butler to me for an interview with her.  She wanted me to telegraph the President for Gov. Pickens which I did, but have not yet heard from the President.  She seened very much pleased and expressed herself under great obligations to me & did not know how to repay my kindness.  Her health is very much improved & She is looking very pretty.  The impression is that she came down to electioneer for her husband for Senator.  She has had a great many of the members to see her.  Tillman the Senator from Edgefield told me yesterday that he was going to tell Mrs. Pickens he should vote for me for the long term.  Campbell & Manning have both said they would not oppose me.  It is said Bonham & Boyce have agreed to unite their forces & run Boyce in opposition to me.  But I dont know that there is any truth in it.

	I saw Mr. Legare today who enquired after Mrs. Mathews & Mrs. McColl.  He had a petition for me to sign about a man who was convicted of killing a negro.

	I will now conclude & add a postscript about the election if it takes place.  Your affectionate husband.  My love to Fannie & the children.  Willie is well & doing well.  B.F. Perry

P.S. I am elected for the long term U.S. Senator.  I send you the Ballot.  Also the ballot for the short term.  I think Manning will be elected.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville