Letter 223
23 February 1853
Washington City

My dear Liz

	I recd your letter this morning giving me an account of your mothers visit to Col. Goodlett.  I should be very glad if Susan could be contented anywhere, but I am afraid that is impossible.   I feel well assured she will not stay at Col. Goodletts six months.  But do impress on her the necessity of her continuing there and being contented if she goes there.  Her character is in some measure at stake.  If she leaves there again it will [be] said that no one can please her or live with herthat she is a discontented nervous woman with whom no one can get along with.

	I wish to see you all again very much & I wish to be at home again.  To me there is no place like home.  I would not give up the society of my wife and children for all the fame & honors what the world can bestow.

	General Thompson & Burt and Col. Colcock have gone tonight to the spiritual rappers & asked me to go with them.  But I am rather disgusted with the humbuggery.  Yet stranger things are revealed by them.  Thompson believes as firmly as he believes in his existence.  Armistead Burt told me a very remarkable thing which occurred with him & Mrs. Burt & Mrs. Bell the other night.  They made the table dance about over the room & then they enquired if the spirit of any dead person was present.  Immediately there was a loud coffing.  They enquired whose spirit it was.  The spirit replied John C. Calhouns.  They asked & were answered a great many questions correctly.  This was all at Burts room & no one present but Mrs. Burt & Mrs. Bell!.

	I have seen Tom Thompson & Tom Thurston here.  Major Miller of Pickens District & Willborn Perry returned here this evening from New York & came to see us.

	I am now all alone and it is about nine oclock.  This is the first evening I have been alone since I left home.  Thompson & Burt will soon return with morethings from the rappers.

	I am fully determined that you & I will pay a visit to the north next summer.  Your notion of waiting till the Court of Equity is over is a good one.  Then we can stay as long as we please.  The other thousand dollars &due from Alabama shall defray our expenses.  Whether we take Willie & Anna is another matter.  I think you will enjoy traveling some to make you like Greenville & home.  I assure you there is no place like it.  I am here now amidst all the great men & yet I wish I was back at home.  I dine with President Fillmore tomorrow,.  This is the last dinner he will give as President.  The great men & ladies of the U, State will be there.  Col. Orr is to introduce me to President Polks brother tomorrow who will go with me to the dinner party.

	I recd a letter this morning from Elford giving me the particulars of Coll Wares catastrophe.  It has excited great consternation with the whole South Carolina delegation.

	The Gardiner case is not likely to be tried for some weeks yet & if so I shall return home.  Dr. Gardiner called to see me today, but I was out.  Col. Payne a witness in the case went off today & told me the case would not be reached for two weeks.  I sent Thompson to make enquiries about the case, but have not yet heard the result.

	President [Franklin] Pierce is now in Washington, but very few persons have called to see him.  It is likely he will dine with President Fillmore tomorrow & if so I shall see him most favorably.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville