Letter 687
9 December 1864
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just come up from supper & will write you a few lines whilst I am waiting for the mail.

	The weather is wet & cold.  The conductor tells me you have ice, sleet & snow in Greenville.  There was some sleet here this morning.  The day has been so bad that I have not seen Fannie for several days.  Hext paid me a visit this evening & said all was well.  They had a pleasant evening at Col. Johnsons last nighta great deal to eat, but very few persons.  He said Mr.  was there.  I was sorry not to be able to go, but was detained by the contested Senatorial election examining witnesses as I write you this morning by Beattie.  One of the witnesses was Capt. Jno Charles who told me this morning that he was about sending his wheat to the mill & when ground he had instructed Major Alexander to take the very best of the flour & make a Barrel for me.

	Today as I went to dinner I saw Mrs. Pickens seated at one of the tables with her little daughter.  I went up & spoke to her & took a seat by her & we had a very pleasant tete a tete at the dinner table.  Governor Pickens had gone to dine with Governor Bonham.  Mrs. Pickens enquired kindly after you & Fannie.  I told her Fannie would have been to see her today but for the weather.  She said I must call up & see her & the Governorreminded me that I had once promised to pay them a visit with you in Edgefield.  She seemed very kind, & looks very pretty.

	I have just written a letter to Mrs. Cunningham telling her I would attend to her card.  We did nothing in the Legislature today, except pass the Bill for Soldiers families.  A great many of the members had gone home.  [James Petigru] Boyce was disappointed in going.  [William Pierce] Price went.

	The election for Governor comes off next Tuesday & it is thought by some that [Henry William] Garlington may be elected.  This would be very strange indeed.  General [Samuel] McGowan had a long talk with me today about his chances.  There were several telegrams today from Georgia but they contained nothing more than you see in the papers.  I will now stop writing & go for my letters.

	Sunday morning.  I have just returned from breakfast & will write you a few lines whilst I am smoking my pipe.  I recd your letter last night enclosing one about St. Julian & am glad you are getting on so well & exchanging yarn for corn.  I will go & see Fannie this morning.  The day is so unpleasant I do not suppose they will go to Church.  I had a long chat this morning at the breakfast table with Governor Pickens, who said a great many complimentary things to me, in reply I suppose that my expression to him that if he was gable he could be elected Governor again.  Mrs. Pickens was not at breakfast.  The news of trhe death of General [States Rights] Gist is confirmed by a man just from Coosawhatchie.  It will be a terrible blow to his young wife.   General [Patrick] Cleburne is also killed.  This is a great loss.  He was assigned under Hood.  The news this morning is that Sherman is marching on Savannah in three columns.  Another report is that a portion of his forces are attempting to cross the River.  I will conclude my letter after I see Fannie.

	I have just eaten my dinner and taken a smoke & will now finish this letter.  I went round to see Fannie this morning & found her quite well.  She had sent Hext with your letter for me to read but I did not see him till I returned to the Hotel.  Fannie says she wrote you yesterday I believe & would not write you today.  She is going to stay with with Maggie Tuesday & then two or three days with Ellen Janney.  She will then go to Dr. Croft & spend her Christmas.  So I shall leave her in Columbia when I go up next Friday with Hext.  I have nothing further to write you.  You need not send me any money.  I shall need none till I return home.

	I recd a letter from Col. Perryman last night requesting me to write to the Secretary of War requesting permission to pardon the deserters if they will come in & form a company for police duty in the District.  I have several letters to answer this evening & must therefore close this to you.  Your affect[ionate] husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville