Letter 187
1 May 1852
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just read your letter to Willie & he seemed pleased with it, and your good advice brought tears to his eyes.  Sine the return of the Duncans he is more of a companion for me & I value more his company.  I have bought for him the Scottish Chiefs & Traders of Warsaw which he is now reading & sitting at my table.  I am writing just after supper.

	Tell Anna I like very much her deportment in church in taking another seat, & reprising the officious attentions of a little boy.  There is nothing that I admire more in a little girl than retiring diffidence & especially towards the other sex.

	Willie listens with great attention to anything said or written about Hockey.

	I am sorry to hear Mary is sick & hope she is better.  You must be in a bad condition for servants whilst cleaning the House, & you had better postpone it till the family are all well.

	It would be wrong to let Frank beat himself, or expose himself in any way.

	I had just had my likeness taken.  It is a noble looking face & headmuch larger than any previous daguerreotype of myself.  He is the best I ever saw.  Mine is in its rough cast & will be sent to Lexington in that condition.  This man Zealy says that Lexington requested him not to paint or touch the likeness.  Judge ONealls was sent back because it had been colored & was too small.  His charge was $10.00 including a frame.  He said anyone who had been in his room today recognized my likeness instantly.  I was fortunate in getting this man to daguerreotype me.

	Mr. Rhett has resigned his seat in the Senate.  It is not known who the Governor will appoint as his successor.  General Jones of Edgefield told me today that no appointment would be made for ten or fifteen days.  Pickens, Governor Richardson & Governor Seabrook are applicants through their friends, but Governor Means does not fancy any of them.

	I was told that my Report was to be published with the proceedings of the convention & will go forth to the world with the report adopted by the Committee.  I am glad of this as I wish it to be read.

	Today I have been rather lonesome.  Wallace Thompson came this evening & was full of my attack on General Wallace.  The Carolinian contains an extract from my editorial correspondence & complements my courtesy.

	Judge Huger left this morning.  I have had a most pleasant and agreeable week with the old gentleman & we have been very much together as he boarded at this House.  Mr. Finl[e]y spoke to me yesterday very cordially & I did not recognize him.  Judge Butler & myself were walking & met Mr. Barnwell & Mr. Finl[e]y.  I spoke to Mr. Barnwell & was not going to do anything more than bow to the other but he immediately called me by my name & shook hands.  The more I see & know of Mr. Barnwell the more I like him.

	I shall probably get off from here Thursday morning.  The Trustees meet Wednesday night.  My cases are the first on the docket & will be disposed of in two days.

	Willie will probably write you tomorrow.  He says he does not know how we can write so much to each other.

	Dr. Blanding said to me this evening that he did not suppose that either John Preston or myself would receive the appointment of Senator.  Col. Martin of Abbeville said he would like to see me receive the appointment.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville