Letter 358
4 May 1856
Columbia

My dear Liz

	This is Sunday morning & I have just breakfasted & will not write you a few lines for fear I may not do so after awhile.

	I rece[ive]d your short letter last night & was glad to hear you were all well.  But would have been better satisfied if you had stated that Anna had returned as well as Frank from Paris Mountain.  I hope Wiley drove the Barouche, for I should not like to trust the horses with any of those young men in going up the mountain.

	Tell Frank I have bought him a sword for 15 cts.  The preparation for bedsteads I started to purchase, but the shop was full of Ladies & I passed on.  I have bought a fountain pen which writes all day without being dripped in ink more than once.  This is a great convenience.  It is like writing with a pencil.

	I have nothing of interest to write you last night.  General Casey made a Tennyson Lecture but I did not go out to hear him.  I sat in my room & read [Samuel] Rogers table talk a very interesting book of sketches of men & anecdotes of men.

	The delegates to the Convention are coming in pretty rapidly & we shall no doubt have a large representation.

	There was quite an excitement here the other day against Dr. LaBorde for some expressions of his on the slavery question.  They thought the article was written by Col. Preston & his enemies caused the excitement.

	The church Bells are now ringing & I will finish my letter this evening.

	It is now after supper & I will finish my letter.  I went to the Episcopal church and heard a good sermon from Mr. Shand.  I saw Alexander Taylor & he said they were all well.  I did not see Mrs. Taylor.  I sat with Mr. Ford who has charge of the Male Academy in this place & boards at this Hotel.  He married a Georgetown lady.  Taylor invited me to sit in his pew.

	After dinner Col. Orr & myself went over to see Col. Pickens & spent the evening.  His daughters are with him & came into the room.  I had a good deal of chat with the youngster.  There was a Mr. Taylor with Thompson [a] Virginian who may be a B of the eldest.  I see Maxwell from Georgetown is here who is said to be engaged to one of them.  I spoke of Col. McCullough to the youngest in connexion with Miss Sparks & I thought she seemed confused.  She enquired what I thought of Col. McCullough & seemed to wish to have my opinion of him.

	There was a young Pringle a delegate here this evening who enquired after you & said he heard of your very often through his aunt.  Col. Wilson is here from Georgetown.  We have a large number of delegates already arrived.  Tomorrow I shall be very busy & you need not expect me by the next mail.

	I must now conclude my letter & write one to the Patriot.  I hope you & the children are well & shall expect to hear from you Monday evening.  Col. Orr spoke to me about occupying the district Judgeship in place of Gilchrist who is dead.  I declined it.  He has telegraphed the President not to make the appointment till his return to Washington.  Col. Moses of Sumter, Col. McGrath & Mr. Evans are the  The salary is $2,700.  We could not live in Charleston on that salary.

	The other day after the Rail Road Convention adjourned & after I had spoken several times Mr. Wardlaw a cousin of the Judges came up to me & said he has long heard of me but never had seen me before & that I was a man after his own heart from the speeches I had made.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville