Letter 125
Friday night, 1848
Columbia

	I recd your letter this evening, & Willies on the same sheet.  Tell Willie he has improved very much in writing & I showed his letter to Col. Dawkins & Mr. Yancey who were sitting near me when I opened it.  Col. Dawkins asked me how many children I counted now & remarked I was not going on as rapidly as I commenced.

	I have just returned from the college through rain & mud.  We have made no election of Professor of Chemistry or Burser yet.  It is probable that Mr. Brumby will be elected & Col. Gladden will probably remain as Burser.

	I think Col. Haynes prospects are pretty good for the attorney generalship.  I dined with Martin yesterday & saw his wife & children.  Porter, Perrin , Davant & Johnson were at the table.  Mrs. Martin seems to have very little to say.  I am to send your box to her to carry to Charleston.

	I went to the State House today for the first time.   Just as I entered the Senate chamber, I heard Col., Felder say in his speech I regret that the Senator from Greenville who then adorned this Body is not now a member of it.  He came to me after finishing his speech & said he did not know I was present & that I must have blushed.

	I saw Mr. William Elliott here yesterday.  He delivered an agricultural address.  I spent some time in pleasant conversation with himenquired after his son & wife & told him you were intimate with her.

	I have made considerable purchases in the way of silver forks & tea spoonstwo dozen (large & small) forks beautiful indeed & not to be told from entire silver for $18.00one dozen of large tea spoons for $18.00with your initials engraved on each spoon.

	I am not yet through the court of Equity.  My law cases are all disposed ofthe result not known however.

	It is said the governor can hardly surviveis very illthought this evening to be dying.

	You are so much pleased with Reuben.  I suppose you & Mrs. Horn are well are mull[ing] such a trade.  I do not know when I shall returnnot yet had time to look at buggies & carriages.  I think I shall go up in the stage.  The roads will be very bad.  I am sorry Jim had not reached home when you wrote me.  I was anxious to hear he had arrived safely.

	There is great electioneering herenever saw the likehad been in the Senate but a few minutes before Governor Richardson came to me to electioneer with me for Col. Manning.  I told him they were all my friends & I would not interfere.

	I met General Brisbane & Col. Edwards in the lobby of the State House.  Col. Orr was standing by me.  The General began to express his astonishment at my defeat.  Col. Edwards gave the hint that my opponent was present.  The General saidthat fellow--he looks like a taper and seemed horrified.  I have never before met with so many flattering & cordial expressions.  I think my defeat has given me great reputation.  Col. Alston said he read my address on the Presidency with great interest & approved it highly.

	I left my gold pen at home & I miss it very much I assure you.  Kiss the children for megood nightGod bless you, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville