Letter 1
Monday morning, 2 May [1842]
Columbia
My dear Liz
	I will write you a few lines this morning before the court meets.  I am afraid I shall not have time to do so after the adjournment of court.
	We arrived here yesterday evening about three oclock.  Very tired & very dusty.  Judge Earle, Col. Townes, Edward Earle & Mr. Young.  We made free use of your bread stuffs on the road & they were very much praised and also you yourself was praised by all for being as good & kind a wife in providing for her husband so bountifully.  Judge Earle thought the corn pound cake exceedingly good & could hardly believe that it was all cornmeal.
	I have just been to the court to look at the docket & find a great many cases ahead of mine.  I am afraid of being detained here until the last of next week.
	I saw Judge Evans this morning who enquired after you.  Mr. Pendleton is here & enquired kindly after you.  Not many of the lawyers have yet got in.  Mr. Pendleton has got a good many subscribers to his Paper.  I have given him my Revolutionary Incidents & he seemed very thankful for them.  He asked if he might state by whom they were written.  They will therefore appear as written by me.
	I have boughtbut the other books you wish cannot be had.  I have bought a new novel by [Alexander Dromgoole] Sims of Darlington a member of the Legislature, whom you may have heard me speak of as being a young man of talent & inclined to drink.   It is addressed to Judge Evans.  The style is good.  It is a tale of the Revolution called Bevil Faulcon.
	There was a great to do here the other night about four students who went off to Texas without the knowledge of their parents. They were from Camden.  One was a son of Col. McWillie whom you have heard me speak of.  There was a great crowd assembled to see them start.   The Professors in college came & tried to restrain them.  They went off in the stage & it will be very mortifying to their parents.
	I went yesterday evening to look at the burnt part of the Town.  This is sad to behold.  I met there Dr. [William] Blanding.  He told me that Mrs. McCray had been brought home and that there was little or no hope of her sons recovery.  He is still in the Asylum.
	My pen is so bad & the ink has grease in it that it pains me to write.  I hope to hear from you Wednesday.  I hope you are getting on well with the house & Servants & that the children are all well.  The dear little creatures how I could kiss & squeeze them this morning.  There is no place like home & there are no persons whose company gives as much pleasure as the members of ones family.  You and the children are to me everything in this world & always with you I could be happy.
	My pen is so bad & cannot be mended.  I must conclude.  Give my love to your mother & sisters & believe me yours &c, B.F. Perry
Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville