Letter 676
15 June 1864
Cavalry Camp, James Island

Dear Beattie

	I owe you a letter and I will endeavour  to make you some sort of payment.  I dont pretend to say that it will square us up but you must set it down to my credit and let me hear from you again.  You are the only man in Greenville except Dr. Buist who knows anything that is transpiring there, and your style of detailing it renders a letter from you a very interesting document; your own experience would be a subject for at least four pages.  I am very unfortunate in letter writing as in everything else having very little to say and a very poor way of saying it; but I wont expatiate on my own failings.  I wish it were convenient  for you to pay us a visit now, it being in our power to furnish a certain article that made your trip to Columbia so very expensive.  We are issuing the Oh-be-joyful to the detachment; occasionally one man trades for the shares of one or more of his comrade, and the consequence is that we have had several among us gloriously tight and correspondingly obstreporous.  Our mutual friend the A.A.C.S.C.S.A. not condescending to imbibe with such characters as John. H. White of Co. F and Samuel Youngblood Co. E and having no one with whom to take a social pass seldom visits my tent; which for the time being a sort of improvised grocery.  I think he is rather dissatisfierd with the small number of glasses (for glasses substitute tin cups) taken through the day, and if you were here to bear him company, take his position in sight of, or upon the cask and with Wiley as mixer of drinks pass the hours in greatest glee until both would be laid away to slumber off trhe effect of so great conviviality.  Let me describe this beverage color; that of very muddy rain water.  Enough said to make it very unpalateable when shaken sticks and straws float thick on the surface, with a green, greasy scum.  You are a connvisseur, what do you think of it.

	Our Camp is not very pleasantly situated but it is as good I suppose as can be found upon the Island.  We are anxious to get down to Adams Run to take possession of the quarters vacated by the Cavalry recently sent to Virginia.  I am afraid that the accounts we have of its being such a desirable location for camping are incorrect.  Perry I suppose will answer your letter shortly if he has not done so already.  I did intend to write you a lengthy epistle but am so disturbed by conversation