Letter 296
27 November 1854
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I am now writing to you about seven oclock in the evening.  I was in hopes to hear from you but did not.  I made them send the second time to the Post office but no letter.

	We had a busy day in the Legislature, & you will see by my letter the officers elected.  Poor Dean has been turned out by Col John T. Sloan of Pendleton.  It is horrible to be dependent on the Legislature for office.  I would almost as soon beg my bread.

	John Cunningham was seated today in the seat I occupied for several years past & I thought he looked ashamed.  In the course of a few minutes Mr. Wagner came to me & asked me if I would not prefer my old seat, said I ought to have it & that persons wishing to see me looked to that seat as mine.  He proposed a change & I went back with all of my colleagues to our old seats.  Henry Richardson & Wagner took the seats reserved for the Greenville delegation by Mr. F.

	I went this morning & paid Bedell $76 & sent a draft to Easter of Baltimore for $116,50 cts.  Tell Anna Mr. Beadon asked where my little pet was and Mr. Evans & Mr. Siegling enquired after her kindly. She seems to have made a very favorable impression last winter.  Col. Haskell, a member from one of the Parishes & brother to the one who married Judge Cheves daughter says Miss Mardens school is the best in Charleston.  He has educated two or three of his daughters there.  Col. Keith speaks in high terms of the school.  He enquired after your mother.

	I have very little to write you & must now conclude.  I shall expect to see Willie & Frank Saturday.  They will go back the next Saturday.  I have not yet had an opportunity of speaking about their boarding, but have no doubt I can arrange it.  Anna will come down towards the end of the Session.

	How I should like to be with you all tonight.  I hope you are all well.  Mr. Ioor says the people of Greenville are all well.

	Dr. Lieber called to see me today & left his card.  Good night, yours affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville