Letter 170
15 December 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I rece[ive]d your letter last night and was truly glad to hear you were all well.  It made me anxious to see you, & be at home once more. The scolding you gave me about spending money.  You must bear with my breach.  My books, my dear wife, & my little children are my only sources of enjoyment & happiness in this life.  It is impossible for me to exist without a fresh supply of books every year.

	I was sorry to hear of Scotts sickness.  I have had apprehensions for months past that he was not a sound horse.  If we loose him, Byron & Selim will have to be our carriage horses for some time.  Corn is now so dear that the expense of keeping a horse is very great and even the death of Scott would perhaps be a saving to us.  So you see I have a good desal of philosophy & am disposed to make the best of my misfortuneseven the scoldings of my dear wife I take patiently & put them to a good account.

	Friday morning I visited with fifteen or twenty Senators & members of the Legislature the Lunatic Asylum & passed through all the buildings, saw all of the inmates & walked over the grounds & garden & green house, all of which are interesting.  I saw old Mrs. Alston.  She looked comfortable & happy.  In one room a sitting room or parlor I saw fifteen or twenty women, all neatly dressed & well behaved.  No one would have supposed that they were crazy.  In the male department a man stepped up to me & claimed my acquaintance.  His name was Lindsay from Spartanburgh.  He told me about a case I had at Laurens in which he was a witness, which was true.

	Yesterday there were a good many speeches made on Federal relations.  But the debate is beginning to loose its interest.  The Senate decided last night by a vote of 34 to 8 to call a convention of the state.  I do not think however the House will agree to it.  But it would perhaps be just as well to let them go ahead & have their own way till they find themselves checkmated.

	The Governor has just rece[ive]d a letter from the President in reply to the one he wrote about the troops in Charleston.  The letter places the Governor in a very ridiculous point of view.  I suppose it will hardly be published.  The President says to him that he is commander in chief of the army & navy of the U, States & has a right to dispose of the troops as he pleases & denies the right of the governor to ask for his reasons in his movements of the army.

	I have looked at the desks for your mother & they are from $4 to $12.00.  There is a letter writing case in the Library your mother may have.  It was given me by Mr. Headen & is of no use to me.  But I suppose it would not suit her.  I cannot get Susan Hokes music.

	You must start Reuben for me Thursday morning.  He was stay at Simmons at Laurens & reach Fulks Friday night.  Saturday morning I will meet him at 8 oclock & we can get home in two days if the roads are not very bad.  So you may look for us Sunday night about nine oclock.  Mr. Duncan will go up in the stage, & reach home or Greenville C.H. Saturday 12 oclock a day and a half in advance of me.  I wish I could go with him.  You have no idea how anxious I am to get home to my wife, my children, my books & my office.  It is pleasant to leave home occasionally, but it is far more agreeable to my feelings to return home.  There is no place like home.  I shall eat your Christmas dinner promised to me & the children with great satisfaction but I hope the first meal will be supper & we will dine in the night to make the journey.  But the roads may be so bad that we may be disappointed.

	The children are well except a slight cold.  They have been a source of pleasure to me & a good deal of trouble.  When together they behave worse than separate.  As you say they are very much inclined to tease & plague each other.  By himself Willie is remarkable manly & a companion for me.    But with Frank he annoys me a good deal.  They both stick to me as close of leachesWillie all the time.  Frank is more disposed to go off.  I hope the trip will improve both of them--learn them behaviour & manners.  But Frank is pretty hard to manage at the table.

.	Tell Anna & Fanny that the plaster figures are for them & one for youthree in number.

       I must now conclude by subscribing myself your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville