Letter 163
30 November 1850
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I recd your letter the night Mr. Rhett delivered his oration on Mr. Calhoun informing me that Mr. McLure of Chester had sent a list of subscribers to The Patriot.  This gratified me very much & I mentioned it to Mr. Petigru who is here.  McLure is an old union man.  Col. Grisham is here & said he had quit politics, but as soon as he saw my Prospectus he determined to take two copies.

	Dr. Lieber sent for me last evening to take tea with him.  He is a strong union man & so is Professor Williams.  They both will take The Patriot.  I had a most interesting conversation with Dr. Lieber & his Lady for three hours on politics.  When I left them the Dr said it was a treat to meet one like myself & unburden his heart to him.  He said he should call at my room frequently during the Session.  But that he disliked to walk the streets of Columbia so cold were the citizens to him.  He enquired how I got on in the Legislature.  I told him I found none of that coldness towards myself. That I was cordial towards all & they seemed, at least, to reciprocate my cordiality.

	Yesterday I introduced my resolutions on the subject of a Southern Congress, & the editors of the Carolinian & Telegraph come to me immediately for copies so you will see them in the papers.  I have no doubt, as I told Dudley, that the State will yet have to adopt my course after all the above heaped on me.  Some firery Resolutions have been offered for secession &c. [William Aiken] Owens of Barnwell wishes a convention.  Middleton wishes to postpone the election of Senator  B. Perry to keep the members of Congress from going on to Washington.

	There was quite an excitement yesterday, in the House, in consequence of hearing that some United States troops had been landed in Charleston.  Speech after speech was made full of patriotism & war.

	Rhetts oration was a good one.  He paid handsome compliments in it, to Lowndes, Cheves, Hayne, Legare, Jackson &c.  The cry of fire was raised toward the latter part of it, & I left with Willie.  There was a great crowd, & several packets pickedone pick packet was apprehended in Charleston as soon as he arrived.  Col. Maybin told me he now had one in his house & had his eyes on him.  He is from Baltimore.

	Mr. Petigru came to see me & left his card.  Yesterday morning he sat with me an hour in the House & we had a great deal of talk.  I told him you had kept his letter to show your acquaintances in the hope of doing good.

	I am glad that you have seen Mr. Arthur & that he is no politician.  I hope you [are] informed well as to passing events.  I am sorry however that you think so badly of your church & its members.  The addition of Mrs. Choice surprised me.  I hope she will be more Christian & less vindictive.    But my dear wife I do not think that the professors of Christianity are a whit better than other people in charity, kindness, liberality all the social virtues.

	Willie & Frank are doing well.  Dr. Croft came here last night & expressed great surprise at seeing them.  Luther McBee came here the other day & is quite well.  Alexander has not yet reached here.  Mr. Kilgore is here.    So is Mr. Campbell.  Col. Irby has paid Elias Earle who came yesterday.  I have heard nothing from Dr. Anderson.

	Since writing the above I have seen Col. Townes & recd your letter of Saturday morning.  I was truly glad to hear from you & that your family were all well notthe increase.  Townes told me you sent him my letter to read.  You must be careful about showing my letters as they are written for your eye alone.  I never saw such a gathering & coming in of wives as I saw this evening.  Monday is commencement & the Greenville Rail Road brought them down by dozens from Newberry & Fairfield.  I felt rather envious as I saw them approach their husbands.

	I have just been to a supper of the Press.  Judge Porter, Mr. Woodward Crowly of Virginia & many others were presentalso Col. Townes, Campbell, Reed &c.  I have left them & their war speeches to conclude my letter to you.  In the morning I go to spend the day with OHanlon & will carry the boys with me.  I have to start at 6 oclock.

	It is now twelve oclock in the night.  Yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville