Letter 664
30 July 1863
Culpepper C.H.

Dear Pa

	I wrote you last, I believe from Martinsburg.  We reached this place yesterday, and I hope we will have a few weeks rest, for our horses particularly need it.  They have fared very hard indeed, having scant feed and hard riding.  Whether we will remain here and have the Rappahanock for a time or go near Richmond depends I suppose on the movements of the enemy.  If they try the Pennisula route we will have to go below Richmond to meet them.  At present most of our army is in this neighborhood, and the yankees are across the river.  I have no news to write you.  We found on reaching this place that the horse detachment were here waiting for us, which increases our force a great deal.  Three recruits have come on to our Troop, Thornburg, Cunningham and Earle.  Two men started West, and Good but deserted before they reached us.  Good is certainly a deserter and will be claimed as such by Capt. Williams.  I dont know yet whether [he] can be considered to have enlisted or not.  They heard of our retreat from Pennsylvania and became disheartened no doubt.  McClanahan brought my boots and left them near Charlottesville where I will be able to get them when I need them which will be soon.  I am bad off in the way of clothes and must try and get my carpetbag which Joel Ketchum left in Richmond, which will furnish me for the remainder of the summer.  I received a letter from you dated the 20th.   I hope now we will be able to have regular mail communication, and hear the news daily.  It is a great deprivation to be cut off from the mails as we were in Pennsylvania  and Maryland.  I think our soldiers generally are glad to get back again to Old Virginia.  As for myself I dont care much where I am, only, we have a more quiet time in Virginia than across the river.  I hope there will be no necessity for your Cavalry Company being called into active service.  I feel rather uneasy, though, about Charleston but I hope she will stand the storm.

	I must close.  Give my love to all.  Bill Beattie and others who have just returned from home say they had quite a lively time while there.

	I think you overate the importance of Vicksburg.  I never thought it would [be] so very serious a loss to the Confederacy.  Your Aff[ectionate] Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville