Letter 181
27 November 1851
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I thank you for your letter yesterday evening written on Monday last.

	I sent you yesterday by Mr. Powell two bundles for Susan & one for yourself with a letter from someone.  When I wrote you last I thought Powell was Markley.

	I took tea with Dr. Lieber last night & went from there to attend the Board of Trustees.  Nothing was done in the Board.  Dr. Manly of Alabama is spoken of as Presidentseveral spoken of as candidates for Professorship.

	The Governor gave me a blank pardon to fill up for Magistrate Hitt.  I will send it up this evening & present Taylor of escorting him to Columbia.

	I saw Mr. Buist yesterdayalso Col. Dawkins & Col. Herndon who all enquired after you & the children.  Herndon tells me he has five children & is alarmed at the idea of any more.

	Yesterday I was employed in court in a case of the Spartanburgh Manufacturing Company against Col. Maybin.

	Tell Willie & Frank that a great many persons have enquired after them.  I did not know before that they were so important persons in the Legislature.  Col. John Preston enquired with seeming interest about them.  He tells me that Mrs. Calhoun & Martha are at his house, & that there is no hope of Miss Martha living long.  She is in the last stage of consumption I believe.

	I am met by everybody with great cordiality a7 have had a good deal of amusement in talking about secession.

	I have purchased the Pictorial Bible for you.  The subscription price was $25.00.  I gave $15.00.  It contains thousands of plates & illuminated letters.

	My cold is something better but going out last night made it worse.  We are getting on well in our room.

	I hope you & the children are doing well.  I feel a deep interest in hearing from you every mail.

	Tell Willie & Anna to write me again & Frank too if he goes to the writing school.

	In haste yours truly & affectionately, B.F. Perry

Mr. John Izard Middleton enquired kindly after you & children.  He said Mrs. Middleton arrived safely & were all well.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville