Letter 271
11 December 1853
Columbia

My dear Liz

	This is Sunday & Anna & Willie have gone to the Episcopal church with several others from this Hotel.  I am preparing for my speech tomorrow on the Electoral Bill.

	Yesterday I dined with Governor Manning.  Mrs. Manning enquired about [you] & the children.  She asked why you did not come down with me.  Said she always used to see me with a little Boy in the State House.  Asked me if it was my little daughter at the Ball the other night.  We had a very pleasant party.  But I had to meet the committee.  There was a granddaughter of Mrs. Singleton there, also Mrs. Dickinson a widow & Miss Manning sister of the governor.  Miss Dehad just returned from Philadelphia where she had been at school for four or five years.  She is one of the most intelligent & amiable & handsome young ladies I have seen.  Mrs. Manning told me that the Governor had told her a great deal about the mountain girls & beauties, that he had said so much about Miss Sally Thompson that she was anxious to see her.  Mrs. Manning did not seem like Mrs. Chesnut who told her husband whilst he was flirting with a young widow Mrs. Evans that it was a game she could play too although her hand was a little out At present.

	Just before going to church I was told by Mr. Petigru that Miss [Julia A.] Hext a poetess & authoress was in the House & a relation of your fathers & desired to make my acquaintance.  I saw her & made Anna acquainted with her.  I took her book of Poems to read & shall have to purchase a copy or two.  She is poor & from Barnwell.  I will send you a copy of Mrs. Brooks in the morning.  The eldest Miss Brooks is to be married shortly to someone from Darlington.

	Anna is quite a favorite with everybody & is uncommonly most talkative in company.  She attracts attention.  Willie is improving & wearing off his rough points.

	Yesterday Munson of Charleston was elected Judge.  There is a proposition to elect three Judges.  If so I may be put in nomination though I dont think I should wish a seat on the Bench.

	Mrs. Jones & Miss Robinson go up in the morning.  I and Jones speak but we are not very cordial nor have I had much to say to Mr. Jones.  To Betty Robinson & Flora Jones I have said a good deal.

	The children have returned from church & I must conclude my letter.  I am sorry I shall not hear from you tonight.  The company are all breaking up.

	Your affectionate husband.  Anna says she would have written to you yesterday but had no pen & paper.  B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville