Letter 479
26 April 1858
Greenville

My dear Son

	I received a letter from you Friday which stated that the youngest Memminger & Blake were supposed to have the measles.  I hope it may be nothing worse.  You have had the measles & therefore in no danger of that disease.

	Arthur is quite sick this morning with an eruption something like the measles; but it is confined to his face & he has a little fever.  Some of the little negro children have been affected in the same this& recovered in two or three days.

	Anna is improving & rides out a short distance every day.  Dr. Earle thinks she is with prudence out of danger.  This is a great mercy to us, for your mother & myself have been greatly distressed about her.

	The morning of Hamlin Beatties fair, his father came to me office & insisted on my going.  I did so.  They had quite a magnificent wedding party.  I have seldom seen a handsomer supper.  The company was large.  The Bride & Bride Groom looked very happy, & I hope their happiness will continue through life.  The mother of the Bride refused to attend the wedding & parties.  Her father was present.

	Pauline Ware was married last week to Mr. Arnold a grandson of old Joe McCullough.  He was not the man I spoke of in my last letter.  His father is a clever worthy man & the Arnolds are mostly respectable.  They go off to Mississippi.  Pauline said she would rather marry Arnold than share the throne of any monarch on earth.  This was great devotion in [word obscured].

	I have been disappointed in the trip north.  My professional duties are such that I cannot leave home at all without loss, and inconvenience.  You must make haste & be admitted to the Bar in order to relieve me.

	I go to Columbia this week to attend the court of appeals & will be there eight or ten days.  The Board of Trustees of the South Carolina College meet the first week in May, and we shall then have a report as to the Rebellion.

	Twenty or thirty persons are to be baptized today in threw Baptist churchsome of them only twelve years old.  Mary, Betty & Oscar Mauldin all join today.  The Methodist too had a great revival & numbers have joined.  The Presbyterians also but the poor Episcopalians haveyet from the religious excitement.  Mr. Arthur said to me at Beatties the other night that religious revivals always followed money [page torn].  I suppose on the principle that trouble always begets reflection & disappointment in this world induced a hope of success in the next.  Men are apt too to repent when misfortune overtakes them.

	I was glad to hear all about your messmates.  I hope they are all clever young men.  Cultivate friendship, kindness and affection , my son, with all your associates.  There is more pleasure & happiness
In being kind than spiteful & cold.  Never make an enemy if you can possibly avoid it.  I have suffered much in life by not obeying this maxim.

	We heard from Frank yesterday.  He says he is doing well & complains that you do not write to him very often.

	Mr. Everett has been winning golden opinions in Charleston & Columbia by his eloquent orations on Washington and Charity.  I hope his visit will do good.  Your affectionate Father, B.F. Perry

W.H. Perry
Annapolis