Letter 630
10 November 1861
Camp Butler, Va.

Dear Papa

	I wrote to you a few days ago, but as I have an opportunity of sending a letter by hand I will write you a few lines to let you know that I am well.  Jeff Arnold is going home in the morning having received a Discharge on account of his health and I will send this letter by him.  I wrote you that he had a fit and succeeded in getting a discharge in consequence.  Tully Bolling, son of Major Bolling has also received a discharge and is going in a few days.  He has had dysentery for a long time.  Bill Thompson has also got a discharge and will start home next Thursday.  I went down to see him and his mother yesterday.  He is getting well, but looks very badly.  Mr. Stairley has not received his discharge yet, his having to go to Richmond to be signed.  Mr. Bramlett has also applied for a discharge on account of his age and infirmities, but has not got it yet.

	I wrote Ma word to make me a pair of pants but she need not make them now, as I have bought a pair here.

	Last night news came that the yankees had succeeded in landing at Port Royal.  I hope it is not true.  Col. Hampton has gone up to see Gen. Beauregardsome say to get him to send the whole Legion back to South Carolina in consequence of this newsothers say it is only to get permission to send the Beaufort Troop of cavalry back, as they are more directly concerned.  I hope they will send us all back.  I am sorry the yankees have attacked us at home, but as they have done so, I would rather fight there than here.  There is no news here.  There still seems to be no prospect of a fight.  Our Headquarters are at Centreville and the yankees are inside their entrenchments.

	I see there must have been considerable excitement about the election of officers for the Greenville Regiment.  Who were the anonymous writers for the papers signing themselves I Volunteer and Probono Miloner.  The Regiment seems now to stand some chance of getting into a fight, no doubt contrary to the expectations of a great many of those who compose it.

	There is nothing new in Camp.  I am getting on very well.  My health is good.  Wiley is well.  Give my love to all.  Jeff Arnold is a son of Preacher Arnold who married Mrs. Briggs.  Your Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville