Letter 287
5 May 1854
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines before breakfast.  I have just finished looking over my notes of evidence and argument preparatory for my speech this morning in the case of Keys & .  Harrison & Reed argued the case yesterday & McGowan & myself will today.

	I rece[ive]d your letter tonight & was glad to hear you were all well & had been to see your aunts.  I was also pleased to know that you were ready to return whenever I desired.  When that will be I am not able to say.  I desire to stay a day or two in Charleston when  I get there.  I shall be detained here till the last of next week.

	Since writing you Governor Manning has invited me to go down with him to his magnificent residence in Sumter & stay till Monday.  I told him I was engaged to General Adams & he proposed that I should divide my time & visit both which I am now inclined to do.  There is a large party of gentlemen going down with him.

	I have not heard from Anna or Willie since the letter I sent you.  But persons from Greenville say all are well.  I am very anxious to see the little children again & know they must be lonely there by themselves.

	We have a great crowd here now.  Jann[e]y turned off eight or ten persons yesterday evening.  I still have the same room.  Governor Manning has the gentlemens parlor for a bed chamber.

	I shall not be able to write you again before Monday.  You will not hear from [me] till Tuesday evening next.  I go in the morning to General Adams with Coil. Herndon.  We shall stay there till Sunday 12 oclock & then to Governor Mannings by four oclock, stay all night & return Monday morning.

	I shall probably go down to Charleston the last of next week and stay till you come up.  I do not think it worthwhile to run back to Greenville just before we are going to return.  It is probable I may get off Thursday, stay in Charleston Friday, Saturday & Sunday, come up to Columbia Monday, stay here two or three days & return home.  But all is uncertain on account of my law cases.

	I will write you positively on my return next Monday.  I am anxious to be with you & the children again.  I wish to be all reunited once more at our home & I hope we shall enjoy home more for our absence.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Charleston