Letter 562
18 December 1859
Sunday morning
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I wrote you a long letter last night & enclosed Col. Ashmores to you as he mentions Frank.

	In regard to Fannys visit tell her I want to see her when I get home & I think she will improve more at home than with Miss Wallace.  There would be trouble in her returning.  The weather will be cold & unpleasant & she may take cold running about in the country.  I should be uneasy, & I know nothing of the family she is going to visit nor has she received an invitation from any of the family except the little girl.  I do not think Fanny is so bad off for a visit.  After poor dear Annas fate, I am unwilling for her to be abroad from us.  Tell Fanny I will buy Simms History of S.C. for her, & she may read that during Christmas.  I have bought a beautiful little knife for her to clean her nails with &c.  I bought a knife apiece for Hext, Hayne, Arthur & Luther & a whip apiece.

	I mentioned to you in a letter, last week, that I had sent Frank $20.00.  I saw Mr. F today, & he enquired about you.  I have not yet given him the poetry,  I gave Miss Janney hers & Mrs. LeConte hers & Miss Grahams & Lulas.  She says it is beautiful & has poeticin it.  She said she liked Franks letter very much & that she was more anxious to see him than ever & that Lula was anxious to have seen him last summer.

	In one of your letters last week you asked me if I thought Mrs. LeConte loved her husband.  I dont think any wife who is so fond of the admiration of gentlemen as she is can love her husband or anyone else.  But I do not think she is bad hearted.  I have never thought polite people & people kind to everybody very affectionate.  Politeness & fashion assume the place of affection.  No one has a heart for all the world.  But I think Mrs. LeConte has kindness & goodness of heart.  Someone was talking about the poor fellow whipped here yesterday and she begged him to stop, that it made her sick.

	I see in the Carolinian this morning a communication nominating me for Governor.  Who could have written it I have no idea.  But it is well written as you will think.  But I do not desire any such empty honor & if I did there is no possibility of its being given to me at this time.

	Mrs. Spratt, this morning at the breakfast table, said I must bring you down with me in May, if the Legislature met.  I said I was going to come down in May anyhow to the Court of appeals & you were to come with me.  I like Mrs. Spratt.  She seems good & smart.  She told me that she did not see me in my seat in the House last night.  I told her I was more agreeably employed in writing a long letter to you.  She said that was a good excuse for a husband to make.  I have a standing invitation to take tea with her & Mrs. LeConte in Mrs. Ls parlor every evening, but I have only been once.

	I am afraid may letters are so long you will not have patience to read them.  Your affectionate husband, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville