Letter 24
12 May 1845
Columbia

My dear Liz

	I have just seen the Post Master & request to him to let me mail a letter although the hour has expired.  I have therefore but a few moments to write you in.

	You did not write me by the last mail, but Col. Butler &informed me that you were all well.  You might have written by them.  But I suppose you had nothing very particular to write.  They informed me of the very sudden death of Mrs. Chick.

	From present appearances we shall not be able to reach the cases at all from the Western circuit, & if so you may look for me at home Friday night.  I have to stay to Wednesday as I am on the committee to examine Students on that day.  We shall then determine whether it is worth while for us to stay or not any longer.  The Court of Errors will occupy two weeks & the remainder of the month will be covered with the Southern & Middle circuits.  My business in the Court of Errors is through with.

	I have purchased a pair of candlesticks for chamber use price $4.00.  My other purchases you are informed of & you did not desire anything in your last letter.  By the by your letter was one of great interestgave me much pleasure.  A very different letter from some which you were accustomed to write me last winter & spring.  Your troubles now on War & your Box.  I suppose Butler Thompson has relieved before his time & relieved you of the latter troublein regard to the first you need be under no dread.

	I wrote Wells a long letter for the Mountaineer yesterday & went to church which is the reason I did not write youthat I had nothing to write about.

	I saw Dr. Davis last week, who said he wished me to ride out some evening & see him.  I have not seen Taylor or any of his family.

	The lawyers from the county are now coming in.  Col. Fair came down this morning.  Butler &go to Charleston in the morning & will return the last of the week.

	I would give a great deal to see you & the children.  It would never do for me to be a member of Congress.  I should find it impossible to stay at Washington thew whole winter unless you & the children were with me.

	We have had a fine rain, & I was truly glad to hear you had rain in Greenville.  The rain is now falling & I must conclude my letter & send it to the Post office or it will not reach Greenville before I do myself.

	Kiss the children for me & tell them I will bring them all something.

       Yours truly &c, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville