Letter 150
13 March 1850
Laurens C.H.

My dear Liz

	I will write you a few lines this morning before the Stage leaves.  This I do because you requested it, not because I have anything worth writing about.

	Butler Thompson came down in the stage yesterday and told me he saw you and the children at church on Sunday.  That Frank was misbehaving, & your were giving him looks & trying to regulate him.  He also said he saw you riding in the carriage on Monday as Ihim.  This I presume is a mistake, as Reuben was ploughingunless you were riding in your mothers carriage.

	Dr. Watts informs me that Mrs. Cunningham & Miss Pamela are well in Philadelphia & will remain there till May next.  Pamelas health is greatly improved, but Mrs. Cunningham is in bad health.
He also informs me that Mr. Cunningham had gone to Augusta to try to settle a difficulty between Yancey and Moroni [Moragne] editor of the Edgefield Paper.  They were to have fought last week.

	General Thompson is expected here this morning in the stage & I suppose Butler came down to meet him.

	It is doubtful when I return home.  I do not think that we shall reach Dr. Andersons cases in time to try them this court.  There will be an extra court here the week of the Greenville court.  None of my cases have yet been reached.

	There is an extraordinary murder case to be tried this morning.  A Brother for the murder of a brother.  It is said the killing was in self defence.  They were quarrelling & the father was the only person present & now the principal witness.

	I hope you are getting on well with your household.  I wish you would write me by Thursdays mail.

	I saw here Mr. Fulk the father of one of those young ladies at Dr. Simmons.  He was very particular in his enquiries about the school.  Butler Thompson said to me that the same enquiries were of him& he could not in his conscience say much in favour of the school.  He thinks Dr. Simons the greatest bore & fool in the village, & that the girls will learn nothing & that it is most astonishing how he has succeeded in humbugging the community.

	My old friends here are glad to see me & some of them persuading me to offer again for congress.

	Tell Fanny I have made no money for her yet.  Yours truly & sincerely, B.F. Perry

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville