Letter 120
Monday night, 1848 [ca. November, December]
Columbia

 My dear Liz

	I have just returned from a large dinner party at Dr. [Robert Wilson] Gibbes & have time only to write you a few lines.

	I begin to wish to see you & the children very much & I have frequently thought whilst here that it was well enough I was not elected to congress.  I am sure I should be homesick before the Session closed.

	Your letter was recd Sunday evening.  Col. Ware, Ed Earle & myself walked to the Post office.  I pulled off the motto & gave it to Ware.  You feel quite too much interest in my public preferment.  I am pleased at your high estimate of my character & usefulness.  But they are overrated

	Col. Hayne is elected Attorney General.  Col. Bonham Solicitor in place of Col. Edwards.  Col. Dawkins came very near being beaten by a lawyer not known out of his District.  Iabout the grade of Jefferson Choice.  Dr. Griffin beat Col. Gladden for Treasurer very badly.  Thos P. Butler is elected Commissioner for Greenville.  It is thought Col. Manning will be elected Governor.

	Today I attended the College commencement.  The speech of Col. Preston was a noble one.  A young man by the name of [William] Faber, a nephew of the Rhetts, made one of the best speeches I ever heard from a graduate.  He is an extraordinary fellow.  Wm Elliott says the Barnwell blood has shown itself in him.  General Thompson gave him an invitation to come & live with him & read law with him & myself.

	Nothing further done in the Court of Appeals.  Nor do I know when I shall be able to get off.  Tomorrow the Judges deliver opinions.  Next day we vote for President.  It is probable I may get off Saturday morning in the Stage.

	I have priced the Buggies & they are as dear as they are in Greenville.    I have seen no carriage to fancy.  The carriages now are all coloured, not black.

	I sat beside Chancellor Dunkin at dinner today & had some very interesting conversation.  He said my address was of great service to his sons election in Charleston. Col. Alston spoke in high terms of it.  Chancellor Dunkin did not believe it possible that Mr. Calhoun voted for Orr.

	Tell Willie I must write him by the next mail.  I hope you will be pleased with Reuben if you have bought him.  In great haste, yours truly, B.F. Perry

P.S. [Richard T.] Brumby has been elected Professor of Chemistry.  Tell Willie I want him to study hard & prepare himself for college.  It would give me great pleasure to see him make a speech & take the first honor.

Mrs. Elizabeth Perry
Greenville