Letter 616
29 July 1861
Camp Pickens

Dear Papa

	It has been some time I wrote to you.  I have not written since I left Ashland.  Since that a great battle has been fought, and we have moved from Ashland to this place (Manassas).  The fight was on Sunday and we started on Monday from Ashland and reached this place on Thursday, too late for the fight by several days.  The rest of the Legion, that is the Infantry came just in time to get into the thickest of the fight, and fought well too, for it is generally said that they had an activce part in gaining the battle.  The Fourth Regiment also (Sloans) covered themselves with glory havingsustained the brunt for two hours unaided, and fought through the thickest of the fight all day.  Hawthorn says that his company had the honor of opening the battle doing the very first firing that was done.  Something seems to be brewing now for yesterday 12 Regiments were set in motion to go somewhere.  I dont know where, and this morning a messenger came in hot haste for Col. Hampton but what was the purport of the message I dont know.  We are all expecting marching orders.  The next fight that comes off, you may rest assured, the Cavalry will have a showing in.  I saw Col. Hampton Thursday evening.  His wound is not at all serious, but came very near being so.  It struck him on the left temple and has given him a black.  He does not know yet whether the bullet came out or is still in his face.  Col. Johnson and poor Yeargin were both killed.  Yeargin was the first man killed in the Legion.  He was cut in two by a cannon as he was rallying his men to lead them on.  The killed of the Legion amount to about 25, the wounded to about a hundred.  They became very much scattered.  In fact the whole fight on our side seems to have been fought on the guerilla principle every man for himself, and every man to his tree or his gulley when he could get one.  The men got very much mixed up.  South Carolinians, Georgians, Alabamians and all others fought together without regard to company or Regiment.  Lieut. William Fuller of Pools company has died from his wound.  Capt. Pool is expected to recover but will lose one leg.  Lieut. Hawkins of the same Company will lose a leg, & old Col. Fuller will lose a foot by a wound received from an accidental discharge of a bomb after the battle.  Dr. Hillhouses brother was killed by the same explosion.  Adjutant Wilkes was killed when the fight was nearly over, having gone to get water from a spring.  I went to visit the battlefield Saturday and saw the Fourth Regiment which was camped near the battleground.  Hawthorn carried us over the battleground, and described the battle to us.  He had a narrow escape a cannon ball striking him under the feet, & knocking him over.  I think the 4th Regiment & the Legion did the hardest fighting of any of the troops.  Wiley went to the battleground yesterday and picked up a musket barrel, which he says he is going to send to Hext.  I got several bullets & buttons as relics.  Major Griffin says that any of us who have double-barrel shot-guns may arm themselves with them, so I want you to send me my gun by the first opportunity.  Are you coming on.  Several Greenville men are here, Col. Ware, Dr. Hillhouse, Alex McBee, Mr. Moore, Col. Townes,Major Hampton.  I got a letter from Miss Orr inquiring if Stokes Beattie or myself orwere safe, and asking us if we were wounded to come to Petersburg.  I received Mas bundle of clothes by Mr. McBee.  I dont need them.  Dr. Gantt is also here.

	The Infantry of the Legion are camped about 3 miles from this place, where we the Cavalry are camped.  I have nothing much to write you.  I could write a good deal about the battle, but you no doubt heard the principle facts already.  Kershaws Regiment did not have much share in the fight until the retreat began.  Gus Hoke was wounded in the arm.  He is at Culpepper (where the hospital is).  He is doing well.  Give my love to Ma, Grandma, Aunts Susan & Annie, and all the children.  I will need a pair of boots after awhile such as Burt made for me before leaving.  Your affectionate Son, W.H. Perry

Benjamin Perry
Greenville